P. Pourghomi and G. Ghinea, "Managing NFC payment applications through cloud computing," 2012 International Conference for Internet Technology and Secured Transactions, London, UK, 2012, pp. 772-777.Abstract: Near Field Communication (NFC) provides a contactless technology for data transmission between smart phones, PCs, PDAs and such devices. It is based on the Bluetooth technology as they are both short-range communication technologies. With NFC people can use their mobile phones to pay for goods and services. They can also use other applications such as ticketing, loyalty, etc. Having sensitive information as well as several parties involved during the NFC operation, caused the delay towards its adoption. Managing NFC applications has become a major issue in the market and stakeholders are testing different implementation methods to deliver the most secure, flexible and manageable NFC to their customers. We believe cloud computing can solve many issues in regards to NFC application management and in this paper we have proposed our approach which can be implemented for the ease of managing the whole NFC ecosystem. We have also considered different SE architectures and explained our preferable model. keywords: {Mathematics;Ecosystems;Handheld computers;Irrigation;Transportation;Europe;Near Field Communication;Secure Element;Subscriber Identity Module;Application Programming Interface},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6470923&isnumber=6470811

S. M. Nagare, P. P. Dapke, S. A. Quadri, R. M. Gaikwad, R. M. Hasan and M. R. Baheti, "A Machine Learning Approach to Mobile SMS Spam Detection Using Naïve Bayes, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, and Logistic Regression Techniques," 2025 IEEE 17th International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Communication Networks (CICN), Goa, India, 2025, pp. 289-293, doi: 10.1109/CICN67655.2025.11368103.Abstract: The number of people using mobile devices is increasing steadily. Both smartphones and low-end phones may use the text messaging service known as SMS (short message service). As a result, the volume of SMS traffic increased significantly. Spam texts increased as well. Spam aims to obtain financial or business benefits, like credit card information, lottery ticket details, market expansion, etc. Therefore, spam classification needs special attention. This study employed a number of machine learning techniques to identify SMS spam. Using UCI data, this work is an attempt to develop a model for spam detection. The experimental results show that, with an accuracy of 98.15%, this model with sum gives the highest accuracy every one this entire work is implemented in R. keywords: {Support vector machines;Logistic regression;Accuracy;Systematics;Programming;Message services;Reliability;Space vector modulation;Smart phones;Random forests;SMS Spam Identification;Support Vector Machine (SVM);Machine Learning;UCI Dataset;Spam Categorization;R Programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11368103&isnumber=11367822

K. Newman, S. Snay, M. Endres, M. Parikh and A. Begel, "“Get Me in the Groove”: a Mixed Methods Study on Supporting Adhd Professional Programmers," 2025 IEEE/ACM 47th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), Ottawa, ON, Canada, 2025, pp. 1217-1229, doi: 10.1109/ICSE55347.2025.00242.Abstract: Understanding the work styles of diverse programmers can help build inclusive workplaces, enabling all software engineers to excel. An estimated 10.6 % of programmers have Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), a condition characterized by differences in attention and working memory. Prior work has just begun to explore the impact of ADHD on software development, finding that inadequate support may negatively impact team productivity and employment. This prevents software organizations from benefiting from ADHD-related strengths. To investigate these impacts, we conducted a two-phase mixed methods study. First, we qualitatively analyzed 99 threads (1,658 posts and comments) from r/ADHD_Programmers, the largest public forum dedicated to the ADHD programmer community. We constructed a mapping that reveals how ADHD programmers apply personal strategies and organizational accommodations to address software task-specific challenges. Second, we conducted a large-scale survey of 239 ADHD and 254 non-ADHD professional programmers to validate how our qualitative data generalize to the worldwide developer population. Our results show that ADHD programmers are 1.8 to 4.4 times more likely to struggle more frequently than neurotypical developers with all challenges we consider, but especially with time management and design. Our findings have implications for inclusive and effective tooland policy-building in software workplaces and motivate further research into the experiences of ADHD programmers. keywords: {Surveys;Productivity;Headphones;Social networking (online);Employment;Organizations;Software;Resource management;Software engineering;Software development management;Neurodiversity;ADHD;Software Engineering;Accommodations},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11029725&isnumber=11029718

W. Hao, L. Meng, L. Veelenturf, S. Long, F. Corman and X. Niu, "Optimal reassignment of passengers to trains following a broken train," 2018 International Conference on Intelligent Rail Transportation (ICIRT), Singapore, 2018, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICIRT.2018.8641524.Abstract: Train rescheduling is an important task in railway operations to ensure a high punctuality and reliability and thereby also high service level for passengers. In a railway system with ticket booking mechanism, the train dispatching task is quite different and more challenging compared with a system without ticket booking mechanism. In particular when there are severe disruptions where multiple trains are cancelled. This paper focuses on the problem of train rescheduling under disruptions, while simultaneously considering passenger reassignments. A mixed-integer linear programming model is developed to maximize the number of transported passengers who are influenced by the impacted train and to minimize total delays at the same time. A“big-M” method is also used to represent complex “if-then” mapping constraints between passenger reassignment and train stopping constraints. A set of numerical experiments is presented based on a railway network to demonstrate the validity and efficiency of the model. keywords: {Rail transportation;Dispatching;Linear programming;Indexes;Lead;Safety;train rescheduling;passenger reassignment;mixed integer programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8641524&isnumber=8641520

D. Kholkar, S. Thapa, A. Pal and S. Roychoudhury, "Feature Model-based Integration of Machine Learning in Software Product Lines," 2024 IEEE 21st International Conference on Software Architecture Companion (ICSA-C), Hyderabad, India, 2024, pp. 295-302, doi: 10.1109/ICSA-C63560.2024.00056.Abstract: Machine learning techniques are finding widespread application in industry for data-driven analysis and decision making. Software product vendors increasingly need to support data analysis use cases in their products. However integrated software engineering of ML components with software products or systems has not received much attention. This paper presents a feature-model based method and framework for integrating ML development into software product lines from the requirements stage. Our approach includes auto-generation of ML code from specifications to make ML development more accessible for product engineering teams and also enable configurability of ML solutions through their lifetime. We illustrate the approach using a real-world customer ticket classification case study. keywords: {Industries;Codes;Data analysis;Software architecture;Decision making;Machine learning;Software;machine learning;software engineering for ML;feature models;MDD;ML code generation;ML for product lines;ML integration},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10628165&isnumber=10628119

D. OBrien, S. Biswas, S. M. Imtiaz, R. Abdalkareem, E. Shihab and H. Rajan, "Are Prompt Engineering and TODO Comments Friends or Foes? An Evaluation on GitHub Copilot," 2024 IEEE/ACM 46th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), Lisbon, Portugal, 2024, pp. 2707-2719.Abstract: Code intelligence tools such as GitHub Copilot have begun to bridge the gap between natural language and programming language. A frequent software development task is the management of technical debts, which are suboptimal solutions or unaddressed issues which hinder future software development. Developers have been found to “self-admit” technical debts (SATD) in software artifacts such as source code comments. Thus, is it possible that the information present in these comments can enhance code generative prompts to repay the described SATD? Or, does the inclusion of such comments instead cause code generative tools to reproduce the harmful symptoms of described technical debt? Does the modification of SATD impact this reaction? Despite the heavy maintenance costs caused by technical debt and the recent improvements of code intelligence tools, no prior works have sought to incorporate SATD towards prompt engineering. Inspired by this, this paper contributes and analyzes a dataset consisting of 36,381 TODO comments in the latest available revisions of their respective 102,424 repositories, from which we sample and manually generate 1,140 code bodies using GitHub Copilot. Our experiments show that GitHub Copilot can generate code with the symptoms of SATD, both prompted and unprompted. Moreover, we demonstrate the tool's ability to automatically repay SATD under different circumstances and qualitatively investigate the characteristics of successful and unsuccessful comments. Finally, we discuss gaps in which GitHub Copilot's successors and future researchers can improve upon code intelligence tasks to facilitate AI-assisted software maintenance. keywords: {Software maintenance;Computer languages;Codes;Costs;Source coding;Natural languages;Maintenance;technical debt;GitHub Copilot;LLM;code generation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10549612&isnumber=10548053

M. Alhamed and T. Storer, "Evaluation of Context-Aware Language Models and Experts for Effort Estimation of Software Maintenance Issues," 2022 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution (ICSME), Limassol, Cyprus, 2022, pp. 129-138, doi: 10.1109/ICSME55016.2022.00020.Abstract: Reflecting upon recent advances in Natural Language Processing (NLP), this paper evaluates the effectiveness of context-aware NLP models for predicting software task effort estimates. Term Frequency–Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) and Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) were used as feature extraction methods; Random forest and BERT feed-forward linear neural networks were used as classifiers. Using three datasets drawn from open-source projects and one from a commercial project, the paper evaluates the models and compares the best performing model with expert estimates from both kinds of datasets. The results suggest that BERT as feature extraction and classifier shows slightly better performance than other combinations, but that there is no significant difference between the presented methods. On the other hand, the results show that expert and Machine Learning (ML) estimate performances are similar, with the experts’ performance being slightly better. Both findings confirmed existing literature, but using substantially different experimental settings. keywords: {Maximum likelihood estimation;Software maintenance;Bit error rate;Feature extraction;Transformers;Natural language processing;Data models;empirical software engineering;software effort estimation;software maintenance issues;machine learning;NLP;BERT;TF–IDF;datasets;Planing Poker},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9978209&isnumber=9977441

V. Cortellessa, D. Di Pompeo and M. Tucci, "Exploring Sustainable Alternatives for the Deployment of Microservices Architectures in the Cloud," 2024 IEEE 21st International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA), Hyderabad, India, 2024, pp. 34-45, doi: 10.1109/ICSA59870.2024.00012.Abstract: As organizations increasingly migrate their applications to the cloud, the optimization of microservices architectures becomes imperative for achieving sustainability goals. Nonetheless, sustainable deployments may increase costs and deteriorate performance, thus the identification of optimal trade-offs among these conflicting requirements is a key objective not easy to achieve. This paper introduces a novel approach to support cloud deployment of microservices architectures by targeting optimal combinations of application performance, deployment costs, and power consumption. By leveraging genetic algorithms, specifically NSGA-II, we automate the generation of alternative architectural deployments. The results demonstrate the potential of our approach through a comprehensive assessment of the Train Ticket case study. keywords: {Power demand;Costs;Software architecture;System performance;Microservice architectures;Computer architecture;Organizations;sustainability;refactoring;performance;search-based software engineering;model-driven engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10592774&isnumber=10592665

T. Fountain, "Software advances in measurement and instrumentation," IEE Colloquium on Software Instrumentation - Software Components, London, UK, 1993, pp. 4/1-445.Abstract: National Instruments (NI) software architecture combines low-level device drivers for their hardware and high-level application development software. With this combination one has a scalable development system with the flexibility to handle a very wide range of measurement and instrumentation applications. To build virtual instruments, one needs software that easily integrates any or all of the four hardware instrumentation options in a single system. At the lowest level, with standardized driver software packages one can control the four acquisition hardware options. The NI driver packages include function libraries for programming hardware. The NI-488.2 driver is the industry standard for programming GPIB. NI-VXI is the driver software for programming VXI. NI-DAQ is driver software for programming plug-in data acquisition boards. Most computers include RS-232 driver software. With NI's application software, LabVIEW, you can build your own instruments. LabVIEW works with all aspects of an instrumentation system, including data acquisition and control, data analysis, and data presentation. LabVIEW also features modular, reusable, high-level instrument drivers for specific instruments and applications that dramatically reduce your software development task. By using NI's application software packages, you are free to choose the components necessary to m your application cost and performance requirements.<> keywords: {Data acquisition;Computer input-output;Programming;Standards},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=230782&isnumber=5947

A. Rahimi, D. Cesarini, A. Marongiu, R. K. Gupta and L. Benini, "Improving Resilience to Timing Errors by Exposing Variability Effects to Software in Tightly-Coupled Processor Clusters," in IEEE Journal on Emerging and Selected Topics in Circuits and Systems, vol. 4, no. 2, pp. 216-229, June 2014, doi: 10.1109/JETCAS.2014.2315883.
Abstract: Manufacturing and environmental variations cause timing errors in microelectronic processors that are typically avoided by ultra-conservative multi-corner design margins or corrected by error detection and recovery mechanisms at the circuit-level. In contrast, we present here runtime software support for cost-effective countermeasures against hardware timing failures during system operation. We propose a variability-aware OpenMP (VOMP) programming environment, suitable for tightly-coupled shared memory processor clusters, that relies upon modeling across the hardware/software interface. VOMP is implemented as an extension to the OpenMP v3.0 programming model that covers various parallel constructs, including task, sections, and for. Using the notion of work-unit vulnerability (WUV) proposed here, we capture timing errors caused by circuit-level variability as high-level software knowledge. WUV consists of descriptive metadata to characterize the impact of variability on different work-unit types running on various cores. As such, WUV provides a useful abstraction of hardware variability to efficiently allocate a given work-unit to a suitable core for execution. VOMP enables hardware/software collaboration with online variability monitors in hardware and runtime scheduling in software. The hardware provides online per-core characterization of WUV metadata. This metadata is made available by carefully placing key data structures in a shared L1 memory and is used by VOMP schedulerss. Our results show that VOMP greatly reduces the cost of timing error recovery compared to the baseline schedulers of OpenMP, yielding speedup of 3%-36% for tasks, and 26%-49% for sections. Further, VOMP reaches energy saving of 2%-46% and 15%-50% for tasks, and sections, respectively.
keywords: {Software;Hardware;Runtime;Synchronization;Robustness;Integrated circuit interconnections;Cross-layer variability management;OpenMP;processor clusters;recovery;robust system design;scheduling;timing errors;variations},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6802431&isnumber=6827986


M. Jackson, "Some complexities in computerbased systems and their implications for system development," COMPEURO'90: Proceedings of the 1990 IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and Software Engineering - Systems Engineering Aspects of Complex Computerized Systems, Tel-Aviv, Israel, 1990, pp. 344-351, doi: 10.1109/CMPEUR.1990.113645.Abstract: Mastering complexity is central to the software development task, and separation of concerns is the chief tool. An informal framework is proposed within which concerns may be identified. An example of a completely simple system is given, and some sources and cases of complexity are considered with respect to the framework. Implications for software development method are discussed.<> keywords: {Programming;Computational complexity;Program processors;Concurrent computing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=113645&isnumber=3365

N. Cibin and M. Albano, "Blockchain-Based Platform for Crowdsourcing Machine Learning Models Design and Training, while Incentivizing Continuous Improvement," 2023 IEEE International Conference on Decentralized Applications and Infrastructures (DAPPS), Athens, Greece, 2023, pp. 31-37, doi: 10.1109/DAPPS57946.2023.00014.Abstract: It often happens that enterprises do not have enough expertise and technological resources to carry out a heavy and complex software development task. For this reason, it is common to delegate solutions design to external parties. One viable solution is Crowdsourcing, where the duty is moved to a wide audience of experts interested in working on enterprises' development problems in exchange for a monetary reward. Currently, various platforms for crowdsourcing software development are available, but they come with some important limitations: (1) a proprietary and not transparent platform needs to be run by a third trustable party; (2) the cost of publishing a task in the platform can be not affordable for many companies, making the crowdsourcing process economically inefficient; (3) once a solution has been provided by the “crowd”, the task is closed and no further improved solutions are accepted. To overcome these issues and provide further features, in this paper we propose our blockchain-based platform for Crowdsourcing Machine Learning models design and training, with an incentive for the “crowd” to keep on looking for solutions capable of improving the current state of the art. After analyzing and comparing various blockchain-based platforms similar to the one hereby presented, our solution architecture is described in detail, three use case scenarios are presented, and future improvements are discussed. keywords: {Crowdsourcing;Training;Solution design;Publishing;Biological system modeling;Machine learning;Companies;Crowdsourcing;Machine Learning;Blockchain;dApps;Distributed Storage},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10237013&isnumber=10237009

H. Vandierendonck, G. Tzenakis and D. S. Nikolopoulos, "A Unified Scheduler for Recursive and Task Dataflow Parallelism," 2011 International Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques, Galveston, TX, USA, 2011, pp. 1-11, doi: 10.1109/PACT.2011.7.Abstract: Task dataflow languages simplify the specification of parallel programs by dynamically detecting and enforcing dependencies between tasks. These languages are, however, often restricted to a single level of parallelism. This language design is reflected in the runtime system, where a master thread explicitly generates a task graph and worker threads execute ready tasks and wake-up their dependents. Such an approach is incompatible with state-of-the-art schedulers such as the Cilk scheduler, that minimize the creation of idle tasks (work-first principle) and place all task creation and scheduling off the critical path. This paper proposes an extension to the Cilk scheduler in order to reconcile task dependencies with the work-first principle. We discuss the impact of task dependencies on the properties of the Cilk scheduler. Furthermore, we propose a low-overhead ticket-based technique for dependency tracking and enforcement at the object level. Our scheduler also supports renaming of objects in order to increase task-level parallelism. Renaming is implemented using versioned objects, a new type of hyper object. Experimental evaluation shows that the unified scheduler is as efficient as the Cilk scheduler when tasks have no dependencies. Moreover, the unified scheduler is more efficient than SMPSS, a particular implementation of a task dataflow language. keywords: {Radiation detectors;Parallel processing;Synchronization;Runtime;Programming;Data structures;Semantics;parallel programming;task-dataflow execution;scheduler},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6113783&isnumber=6113772

F. Zou, "Design and Implementation of SSM-Based Booking System," 2023 International Seminar on Computer Science and Engineering Technology (SCSET), New York, NY, USA, 2023, pp. 168-171, doi: 10.1109/SCSET58950.2023.00046.Abstract: With the gradual improvement and development of the tourism industry, the passenger flow of trains is large, and tourists from all over the world continue to increase, so the information management system of railway stations points out higher regulations. With the increasing maturity of computer ticketing technology, design and develop a ticketing system to improve the efficiency of all departments of the entire ticketing system. In view of the construction requirements of the booking system, the development design is mainly divided into front-end and back-end development, with the front-end being the web page and the back-end being the database. The software used in the development of the system is open source and free, using Eclipse as the development environment, JSP as the programming language, and MySQL as the server-side database. The main contents of the background management of the system include login, shift management, authority management, user management, order information management, passenger management, publicity management, message information management, etc. The main contents of the front desk include registration, login, personal information management, ticket information inquiry, my order, password change, etc. The simple and guiding interface design of the system makes it easier for users and managers to accept and use, and helps to carry out efficient business processing and information maintenance. keywords: {Analytical models;System testing;Databases;Tourism industry;Web pages;Data models;Software;booking system;Order management;passenger management;highly efficient},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10266432&isnumber=10266338

J. C. Spohrer, D. Vronay and R. Kleiman, "Authoring intelligent multimedia applications: finding familiar representations for expressing knowledge," Conference Proceedings 1991 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Charlottesville, VA, USA, 1991, pp. 1751-1756 vol.3, doi: 10.1109/ICSMC.1991.169946.Abstract: Examines some of the reasons why the task of developing intelligent multimedia applications is so complex. The authors describe some ideas being explored in an effort to reduce the complexity of this software development task. There are significant barrier preventing nonprogrammers or occasional programmers from rapidly prototyping intelligent multimedia applications. A perspective is presented on why this barrier exists and how the barrier might be overcome. Two prototypes of task-specific knowledge acquisition minitools are discussed. The first minitool presents a way nonprogrammers might author a knowledge base that allows a spatial structure to be browsed. The second minitool presents a way occasional programmers might author troubleshooting procedures for a device. The minitools provide domain experts with representations (i.e., spatial maps and decision trees) that are more familiar than frames and rules.<> keywords: {Programming profession;Artificial intelligence;Application software;Graphics;Knowledge engineering;Animation;Prototypes;Multimedia systems;Engines;Bridges},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=169946&isnumber=4401

F. L. Gaol, G. D. Nugraha and T. Matsuo, "Decision as a Service for Transaction Banking Using Service-Oriented Modeling Architecture Methodology," in IEEE Access, vol. 11, pp. 41455-41466, 2023, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3268284.
Abstract: In order to gain a competitive edge in the banking industry, direct face-to-face interactions between customers and banks are being gradually replaced by virtual interactions. Instead, they communicate using electronic devices such as smartphones, tablets, and web applications. Transaction banking, which provides commercial services for banking products to small, medium, and large corporations, is a highly typical work unit in banking. Shipping and international payments, risk management for international trade, and other services are provided. We use the Service Oriented Modelling Architecture (SOMA) methodology to solve the problem of the transaction banking unit by relocating it from a system with general dependencies to a system that is independent of the entire service and operates on a small function scale. The study found that a decision as a service (DAAS) model with an Enterprise Service Bus (ESB), Business Process Management (BPM), and Business Rule Management (BRM) solution can provide guidelines for the design of decision rules pertaining to integrated or separate business modeling, thereby aiding business unit delivery.
keywords: {Banking;Business;Service-oriented systems engineering;Computer architecture;System integration;Collaboration;Adaptation models;Application Programming Interfaces;Process monitoring;Service oriented modelling architecture (SOMA);enterprise service bus (ESB);business process management (BPM);business rule management (BRM);application programming interface (API);transaction banking},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10105241&isnumber=10005208


Q. Chen et al., "Semi-supervised Learning Based Entity Recognition Method for Power Dispatch Operation Statements," 2024 4th International Signal Processing, Communications and Engineering Management Conference (ISPCEM), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2024, pp. 539-543, doi: 10.1109/ISPCEM64498.2024.00097.Abstract: With the continuous development of the power grid, power grid dispatching faces the problems of complicated business data, inefficient information retrieval and time-consuming operation ticket preparation. The existing operation ticket generation method has been difficult to meet the safe operation of the power grid, and the time-consuming retrieval of the paper dispatch manual has led to the difficulty of efficient retrieval of the dispatch response programme and the inefficiency of the operation ticket preparation. In order to shorten the time consuming operation ticket generation and improve the efficiency of dispatchers, it is necessary to accurately identify the entities of key operation statements such as power dispatch operation steps, equipment, operation time, etc. in the operation ticket document to improve the retrieval efficiency. Therefore, this paper proposes a deep entity recognition model based on scheduling operation statements, which firstly employs a pre-training model, ERNIE, to capture entity-level semantic information, and secondly explores the entity recognition knowledge in the unlabelled data through the proposed semi-supervised training architecture and the loss function scheduling mechanism, so as to improve the performance of the power scheduling entity recognition. In order to verify the effectiveness of this approach, experiments are conducted in this paper using the power dispatch operation text dataset, and the experimental results show that the proposed semi-supervised power dispatch entity recognition method improves the entity recognition precision, recall and F1 score of power dispatch operation statements by 4.43%, 2.06% and 3.24%, respectively, under the full amount of annotated data, as compared to the previous optimal baseline based on fully supervised learning. 3.24%. In particular, with only 10% of labelled data, the F1 score is improved by 15.92% compared to the optimal baseline. These results fully demonstrate the effectiveness of mining knowledge from unlabelled text for power dispatch entity recognition. keywords: {Training;Analytical models;Text recognition;Semantics;Supervised learning;Semisupervised learning;Signal processing;Data models;Power grids;Data mining;power dispatch disposition;power dispatch entity recognition;semi-supervised learning;deep learning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10874369&isnumber=10874226

S. Ratanotayanon, H. J. Choi and S. E. Sim, "My Repository Runneth Over: An Empirical Study on Diversifying Data Sources to Improve Feature Search," 2010 IEEE 18th International Conference on Program Comprehension, Braga, Portugal, 2010, pp. 206-215, doi: 10.1109/ICPC.2010.33.Abstract: Research on feature location that applies information retrieval techniques have experimented the kinds of inputs to the corpus and the algorithms that could be used. At first, only source code was used. Later extraction techniques were improved, and data from other software tools and analyses were used to expand or augment the repository. But, does having more diverse data in the repository always produce better results? In this paper, we report on an empirical study to examine the effect of increasing data diversity to improve feature location through search. In particular, we looked at the effect of including: i) change sets from revision control system, ii) tickets from issue trackers, and iii) elements from a Static Dependency Graph (SDG). We searched for three features of Jajuk, an open source Java jukebox, and two features of jEdit, an open source Java text editor. We used four different corpuses built with a combination of the above data. We used Eclipse's code search and an index built with source code as baseline conditions. We found that it is not always better to have more diverse data. Adding SDG data to change sets increased recall, but drove down precision. Adding data from issue trackers had little effect and in one case lowered recall. We also found that large-scale refactoring of the code decreases the effectiveness using change sets for feature location. keywords: {Information retrieval;Control systems;Data mining;Software tools;Java;Vocabulary;Informatics;USA Councils;Large-scale systems;Software performance;component;feature location;code search;program comprehension;change sets},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5521742&isnumber=5521735

H. Hariharan, T. Kanimozhi and Y. Renuka, "AI-Enhanced Event Management Systems for Predictive Crowd and Resource Planning Using Generative Forecasting and Graph Neural Networks," 2025 Eighth International Conference on Image Information Processing (ICIIP), Solan (Near Shimla) Himachal Pradesh, India, 2025, pp. 654-659, doi: 10.1109/ICIIP68302.2025.11346290.Abstract: Mass event management involves the need to manage the huge crowd well and properly distribute the available resources to achieve safety, efficiency of infrastructure, and reduction of expenditures. The classical systems, which are founded on the exploitation of fixed scheduling and fundamental time-series models, are not typically responsive to complex spatio-temporal trends and motion among event areas. A crowd flow and requirements prediction AI-enhanced event management architecture built on generative diffusion forecasting with graph neural networks (GNNs). Data on multiple modalities, sensor feeds, purchasing tickets, and transportation paths are mixed in a hybrid generative-graph pipeline and evaluated by a digital twin of the venue and transportation networks. The results of the experiment show that the average error in adjusting to the crowd density is 1.82, which is 29% above the baseline. The utility cost and staffing are reduced by 24.5%, and the peak traffic delays are reduced by 27.6%. These findings validate the model of enabling proactive decision-making, enhancing the safety measures, and enabling scalable smart-city event-related activities. keywords: {Training;Data privacy;Costs;Transportation;Throughput;Safety;Planning;Delays;Time factors;Forecasting;AutoRegressive Integrated Moving Average;Graph Attention Network;Graph Convolutional Network;Temporal Self-Attention Network;Application Programming Interface;Graphics Processing Unit},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11346290&isnumber=11346103

D. Tipe-Palomino and W. Auccahuasi, "Development of Helpdesk Chatbot for Incident Classification and Resolution using NPL and Deep Learning," 2024 3rd International Conference on Automation, Computing and Renewable Systems (ICACRS), Pudukkottai, India, 2024, pp. 785-791, doi: 10.1109/ICACRS62842.2024.10841729.Abstract: Nowadays, most people and companies are more likely to encounter technical problems related to computer equipment. Where the only option for a person to solve their problem is to go to a technical service center, which puts the physical equipment at risk as well as the integrity of the information due to external causes such as theft of information. Making a comparison at the business level, we find companies that are dedicated to offering services and consultancies dedicated to help desks, these services are contracted according to the needs of the company, these services are carried out through a ticket system, where there is no guarantee that the problem will be solved in the shortest time, regardless of the most common processes such as asking questions related to the use and operation of the computer equipment. In this work we developed a Chatbot, trained to be able to help with solutions related to help desk processes, having as a novelty the application of NPL and Deep Learning techniques. The results allow the Chatbot to be integrated as a first-line tool for the use of common users as well as specialized users in information technology areas. keywords: {Deep learning;Training;Renewable energy sources;Companies;Chatbots;Personnel;Information technology;Business;Testing;Python;Chatbot;training;help desk;programming;technical support},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10841729&isnumber=10841479

M. K. Shaikh, S. Palaniappan, T. Khodadadi, S. Ali, F. Ali and F. Ali, "Using eBus Services Solution, Book Anywhere to Save Time," 2020 International Conference on Information Science and Communication Technology (ICISCT), Karachi, Pakistan, 2020, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/ICISCT49550.2020.9080024.Abstract: now a day’s people desire to travel from one city to another city in a convenient way, that save the time and according to their budget. Everyone wants to acquire the best solution within lesseffort. Traditionally, whenever people want to buy bus ticket they have to visit the bus terminal of different passenger carrier and for their turn in a long queue. There are also websites and apps of different passenger carrier for online ticket booking that are running separately people get confused to acquire the best one. Searching ticket from a different websites and apps is time taken. For this argumentation a pro efficient eBus Services System (EBS) is to be proposed in this paper to overcome these issues faced by passengers during transport reservation inside the nation. The system provides web and android application based structure that allows the guest to check eBus accessibility, make reservation and pay charges through online payment gateway. Which is stylish now a days. EBS will help population to reserve tickets of journeys and it also allows passengers to compare estimate fares, services of different service providers. Development of system is based on agile software development approach and Unified Modeling Language(UML). The idea is to gather all conveyor & agent and their services on one platform. So, the tourist can easily appoint and lined up according to them decide on. This entity will also present the functionality of tracking the bus, you can track the bus if your agnate, relatives makes a journey. This paper proposed eBus Services system. eBus Services was developed by using Bootstrap, server side scripting by using PHP, MYSQL, JQuery and JavaScript to make client end responsive and user friendly and AJAX to reduce load from server. keywords: {Limiting;Operating systems;Urban areas;Unified modeling language;Standards organizations;Transportation;Organizations;Logic gates;Servers;Reliability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9080024&isnumber=9080016

A. Shroff, B. K. Shah, A. Jha, A. K. Jaiswal, P. Sapra and M. Kumar, "Multiplex Regulation System With Personalised Recommendation Using ML," 2021 5th International Conference on Trends in Electronics and Informatics (ICOEI), Tirunelveli, India, 2021, pp. 1567-1573, doi: 10.1109/ICOEI51242.2021.9453005.Abstract: The main aim of this research work is to conduct a feasibility study and requirement analysis for a Multiplex Management system (MMS). This research work includes the design diagrams that facilitate the production of the software and its use in making a frontend and backend for the system according to the elicited requirements, by integrating them. Its alpha version, which strictly adhering to relevant software engineering practices that test the software with suitable methods has also developed. It automates various functions of Multiplex Theater with particular emphasis on ticket reservation, show screening, personnel management, statistical report generation, and increasing ticket sales by giving personalized movie suggestions by learning from the previous booking history or characteristics of users. MMS is a Web application that provides different interfaces for different stakeholders like users, admins, and employees. The admins can add movies and schedule screenings and evaluate the booking statistics and the users and employees can book and cancel tickets. The system also analyzes various factors using Machine Learning to suggest movies to the User to maximize their chances of booking them. The data and model generated from this system are also a precious commodity that can be leveraged successfully to bring in large gains for the Service. keywords: {Multiplexing;Schedules;Production;User interfaces;Motion pictures;Software;Regulation;requirement analysis;Machine learning;web application;central Database;Graphical User Interface},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9453005&isnumber=9452736

Afsana Atar, Hands-On Test Management with Jira: End-to-end test management with Zephyr, synapseRT, and Jenkins in Jira , Packt Publishing, 2019.Abstract: Learn best practices for testing with Jira and model industry workflows that can be used during the software development lifecycle Key FeaturesIntegrate Jira with test management tools such as Zephyr, Test Management, and SynapseRTUnderstand test case management, traceability, and test execution with reportsImplement continuous integration using Jira, Jenkins, and automated testing toolsBook DescriptionHands-On Test Management with Jira begins by introducing you to the basic concepts of Jira and takes you through real-world software testing processes followed by various organizations. As you progress through the chapters, the book explores and compares the three most popular Jira plugins—Zephyr, Test Management, and synapseRT. With this book, you’ll gain a practical understanding of test management processes using Jira. You’ll learn how to create and manage projects, create Jira tickets to manage customer requirements, and track Jira tickets. You’ll also understand how to develop test plans, test cases, and test suites, and create defects and requirement traceability matrices, as well as generating reports in Jira. Toward the end, you’ll understand how Jira can help the SQA teams to use the DevOps pipeline for automating execution and managing test cases. You’ll get to grips with configuring Jira with Jenkins to execute automated test cases in Selenium. By the end of this book, you’ll have gained a clear understanding of how to model and implement test management processes using Jira. What you will learnUnderstand QMS to effectively implement quality systems in your organizationExplore a business-driven structured approach to Test Management using TMap NEXTImplement different aspects of test planning, test strategy, and test executionOrganize and manage Agile projects in Scrum and KanbanUncover Jira plugins available in the Atlassian Marketplace for testing and project managementConfigure a DevOps pipeline for continuous integration using Jira with JenkinsWho this book is forIf you’re a quality assurance professional, software project manager, or test manager interested in learning test management best practices in your team or organization, this book is for you. Prior knowledge of test management and Jenkins will be beneficial in understanding the concepts covered in this book.

S. A. Jayalath, C. Rajapakse and J. M. D. Senanayake, "A microtransaction model based on blockchain technology to improve service levels in public transport sector in Sri Lanka," 2020 International Research Conference on Smart Computing and Systems Engineering (SCSE), Colombo, Sri Lanka, 2020, pp. 82-89, doi: 10.1109/SCSE49731.2020.9313037.Abstract: Ticketing mechanism in a public transportation system is a major factor which defines the service quality of the system. Current online payment systems (credit/debit cards, PayPal, etc.) are not compatible with micropayments because transaction processing companies need a minimum transaction amount to make the transaction profitable for them. Therefore, an acceptable micro-transaction model is required in the micropayments domain. In blockchain systems, a third-party intermediary is not facilitating the transactions. Therefore, transaction fees decrease drastically. Using consortium blockchain concept, these fees can be further minimized when proof of work is also handled by a set of approved entities. In this study, an Ethereum based micro-transaction model is proposed to be implemented within the ticketing system in Sri Lankan public transport sector. Bus tickets are programmed as Ethereum smart contracts to handle the payment distribution. Consortium blockchain concept is used in the blockchain-based model where there are regulated bodies as nodes such as the national transport commission to handle the proof of work. Digital currency and Quick Response (QR) codes are incorporated to identify and complete the transaction process. The methodology of this development-oriented research can be described under three major phases. In the first phase, interviews were carried out with relevant stakeholders to identify the process of the current system and its limitations. Also, a broad and extensive study of literature was done parallel to this. During the second phase, identified issues, limitations and downfalls were addressed by designing a novel architecture. In the final phase a prototype is being developed to demonstrate the architecture, In the final phase a prototype is being developed to demonstrate the architecture, then prototype validation and testing were done with simulated data and several key use cases in the domain. The preliminary results of the prototype model show signs of considerable improvement in the service level of the public transport ticketing process and a significant reduction of transaction fees. keywords: {Blockchain;Public transportation;Smart contracts;Rail transportation;Peer-to-peer computing;Companies;Prototypes;Consortium blockchains;Ethereum;Micro-payments;Smart contracts;Transportation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9313037&isnumber=9312992

L. Chasteen, "How engineers can manage tomorrow's technology," 2004 IEEE/UT Engineering Management Conference, Austin, TX, USA, 2004, pp. 21-25, doi: 10.1109/UTEMC.2004.1633388.Abstract: Strategic planning has been the "whipping" boy in management for the last three decades. First, there was little planning. Then in the 1970's, planning could do no wrong - everyone jumped on the "planning bandwagon". However, due to environmental issues in the 1980's such as the energy crisis, detailed plans were missed and planning was once again put on the "back burner". Henry Mintzberg's book, The Rise and Fall of Strategic Planning, led to the attitude of "just do it" in the 1990's. Emergent plans led to spectacular gains by the dotcom companies. However, what goes up, must come down and we had the crash of the dotcoms in 2000. Maybe a middle ground of some detailed planning plus emergent plans is a better formula! This combination has been called "strategic thinking". Due to the complexity of today's technology, engineers should drive the firm's strategic thinking. Engineers have been trained to look at all sides of the issues (system engineering). This process is a combination of detailed planning and emergent planning. As engineers take more of the lead in technology companies, their systems background is more in tune with the new planning style called strategic thinking. Combining an engineer's technical background with appropriate business training may be the "right ticket" for technology firms in the 2000's. The Project Management MBA program at the University of Texas at Dallas is uniquely designed to provide the necessary business training to practicing engineers. This program meets the professional development needs of individuals who already have significant program and project experience. By combining the traditional MBA courses with project management certificate training, this program provides leading edge information from both the academic and practitioner viewpoints. The UTD program offers both online and on campus versions to meet the needs of busy individuals keywords: {Technology management;Engineering management;Strategic planning;Management training;Process planning;Project management;Crisis management;Books;Computer crashes;Systems engineering and theory},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1633388&isnumber=34246

Nandan Mullakara; Arun Kumar Asokan, Robotic Process Automation Projects: Build real-world RPA solutions using UiPath and Automation Anywhere , Packt Publishing, 2020.Abstract: Learn RPA by building business solutions such as ERP and CRM automation, software robots, and intelligent process automation from scratchKey FeaturesUse popular RPA tools Automation Anywhere A2019 and UiPath, for real-world task automationBuild automation solutions for domains such as System Administration, Finance, HR, Supply Chain, and Customer RelationsExtend your RPA capabilities by implementing Intelligent process automation with APIs and AIBook DescriptionRobotic Process automation helps businesses to automate monotonous tasks that can be performed by machines. This project-based guide will help you progress through easy to more advanced RPA projects. You’ll learn the principles of RPA and how to architect solutions to meet the demands of business automation, along with exploring the most popular RPA tools - UiPath and Automation Anywhere. In the first part, you’ll learn how to use UiPath by building a simple helpdesk ticket system. You’ll then automate CRM systems by integrating Excel data with UiPath. After this, the book will guide you through building an AI-based social media moderator using Google Cloud Vision API. In the second part, you’ll learn about Automation Anywhere's latest Cloud RPA platform (A2019) by creating projects such as an automated ERP administration system, an AI bot for order and invoice processing, and an automated emergency notification system for employees. Later, you’ll get hands-on with advanced RPA tasks such as invoking APIs, before covering complex concepts such as Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning in automation to take your understanding of RPA to the next level. By the end of the book, you’ll have a solid foundation in RPA with experience in building real-world projects.What you will learnExplore RPA principles, techniques, and tools using an example-driven approachUnderstand the basics of UiPath by building a helpdesk ticket generation systemAutomate read and write operations from Excel in a CRM system using UiPathBuild an AI-based social media moderator platform using Google Cloud Vision API with UiPathExplore how to use Automation Anywhere by building a simple sales order processing systemBuild an automated employee emergency reporting system using Automation AnywhereTest your knowledge of building an automated workflow through fun exercisesWho this book is forThis RPA book is for enterprise application developers, software developers, business analysts, or any professional who wants to implement RPA across various domains of the business. The book assumes some understanding of enterprise systems. Computer programming experience will also be beneficial.

M. Weiss, Z. Fang, C. R. Morgan and P. Belmont, "Effective dynamic scheduling and memory management on parallel processing systems," [1989] Proceedings of the Thirteenth Annual International Computer Software & Applications Conference, Orlando, FL, USA, 1989, pp. 122-129, doi: 10.1109/CMPSAC.1989.65072.Abstract: An effective dynamic processor self-scheduling scheme is presented for general parallel program constructs in a restructuring compiler. In the program constructs, parallel loops, serial loops, if-then-else constructs and a generalization of fork-joins can be nested in an arbitrary order, and procedure calls can be involved in any level of the nested constructs. In parallel programs, a piece of the program code, such as loop iterations, is called a chore, which is considered to be a work unit in the program. In this scheme, processors schedule themselves to the chores dynamically at execution time without involving the operating system. Memory management is another issue addressed. Efficiency concerns dictate treating chore locality differently from procedure locality. As a corollary, the number of call frames required at any one time for a nonrecursive procedure is bounded by the number of processors.<> keywords: {Dynamic scheduling;Memory management;Parallel processing;Processor scheduling;Program processors;Operating systems;Runtime;Drives;Concurrent computing;Dynamic programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=65072&isnumber=2358

J. Anvik and M. -A. Storey, "Task articulation in software maintenance: Integrating source code annotations with an issue tracking system," 2008 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance, Beijing, China, 2008, pp. 460-461, doi: 10.1109/ICSM.2008.4658104.Abstract: Managing and articulating development tasks is an important aspect of software maintenance. Developers already have a variety of specialty tools to support task management, for example, issue tracking and configuration management software, but they also make use of other tools within their software engineering environments to support software task management. An example of one such mechanism is the appropriation of source code comments to document finer grained details of formally specified tasks. In this research, we propose and present a tool that integrates these source code annotations with an issue tracking management system. We describe how this tool addresses deficiencies that occur in task management and propose future research to improve task management. keywords: {Software;Software maintenance;Joining processes;Software engineering;Navigation;Tagging;Data mining},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4658104&isnumber=4658028

U. Brisker, "The Rate Chart System (RTC)," [1988] Proceedings. The Third Israel Conference on Computer Systems and Software Engineering, Tel-Aviv, Israel, 1988, pp. 159-160, doi: 10.1109/ICCSSE.1988.72256.Abstract: The Rate Chart System (RTC) is a tool developed by the Software Engineering Division of Advanced Technology Ltd. (ATL), to provide software managers with a means of measuring and tracking the progress of a software project. The need for such a tool arose from the realization that insufficient visibility reduces the capability of software managers to detect lags in the progress rate of a project on time. This reduces the effectiveness of the corrective measures which are often too late to remedy the situation and to bring the development track back to the planned schedule. In order to employ RTC, one starts by entering all the parameters which are involved in measuring the project development progress. These include the hierarchical decomposition of the project, the list of development phases and their relative weights, the interim steps (milestones) involved in carrying out each phase and their relative weights, list of output items of each phase (work units) and their relative complexity, personnel assignments and the planned project schedule. While the project is in progress the system is updated with milestone completion data for each work unit and reports are produced on a regular basis.<> keywords: {Personnel;Feedback;Programming profession},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=72256&isnumber=2464

S. F. Ochoa, A. Quispe, A. Vergara and J. A. Pino, "Improving requirements engineering processes in very small software enterprises through the use of a collaborative application," The 2010 14th International Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design, Shanghai, China, 2010, pp. 116-121, doi: 10.1109/CSCWD.2010.5471992.Abstract: Very small software enterprises (up to 25 employees) represent the most important software task force around the world. Several researches report these organizations remain a low success rate in development projects, because they implement inefficient mechanisms to support requirements engineering practices. This paper presents a collaborative software application, named Software Requirements Manager (SRM), which automates several requirements engineering practices. This tool acts as a communication and coordination space for team members. SRM has been used in a software development academic scenario during the last three years. The obtained results show that SRM can significantly improve the projects' success rate by facilitating the collaboration among members of the development team. keywords: {Collaborative software;Application software;Software tools;Collaborative work;Design engineering;Engineering management;Programming;International collaboration;Computer science;Collaborative tools;CSCW;Communication and Coordination Support;Collaborative Tool;Requirements Engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5471992&isnumber=5471868

U. S, A. B. T S R, S. V and G. B. K, "IoT based Approach to Estimate the Vacant Seats Available," 2022 4th International Conference on Inventive Research in Computing Applications (ICIRCA), Coimbatore, India, 2022, pp. 354-358, doi: 10.1109/ICIRCA54612.2022.9985657.Abstract: The detection of vacancy of a seat is essential in various places like train, auditorium etc., for different applications like reducing human load, automation of seat allocation for Reservation Against Cancellation in railways, adjusting Heating, Ventilation and Air conditioning system and others. In flights, there is a check-in process before onboarding to record the number of people who are travelling and to verify their documents. But it is not possible in trains considering the mass amount of people travelling. So, manual verification by travelling ticket examiner (TTE) happens after boarding the train. Only after verification by TTE, the people having waitlist/RAC tickets can get allocated to vacant seats. But with the proposed model, the TTE can know the seats which are vacant. This research study attempts to find whether a seat is occupied or not by using a combination of sensors such as Passive Infrared Sensor (PIR) and Ultrasonic sensor connected to a Node MCU microcontroller. Output of the sensors is processed, and vacancy/occupancy of seat is estimated. PIR sensor is used as it could detect the change in heat radiation from the body, and so it detects only living things (humans to be precise). Thus, the seats which are placed with bags can be considered as unoccupied seats. Ultrasonic sensor emits sound in ultrasonic frequency, and it detects it back after reflection from the object in its front. The time duration between emission and detection is used to get the distance between sensor and the object in its front. Thus, combination of both the sensors gives precise data. This data is sent to the server of Google Firebase to store it in their Real time Database format so that it can be retrieved by the user through web or mobile app. The Node MCU microcontroller has an inbuilt ESP8266 WiFi enabled chip which helps to send and receive data from the internet. The mobile app for this project is developed using a Software Development Kit (SDK) called “Flutter” which is developed by Google. The code developed using this SDK is compatible with Android, iOS and most of the other popular operating systems. keywords: {Heating systems;Microcontrollers;Operating systems;Ventilation;Acoustics;Software;Sensors;Internet of Things;Vacant seats;Cloud;Mobile App},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9985657&isnumber=9985015

M. B. Goodman, "Executive summary: high visibility, high risk, high reward," International Professional Communication Conference 'Communicating to the World.',, Garden City, NY, USA, 1989, pp. 245-248, doi: 10.1109/IPCC.1989.102140.Abstract: The author explores the approach, processes, and skills needed to meet the challenges associated with creating an executive summary in the high stakes, stressful environment of a big ticket proposal. A proactive approach uses the executive summary as a directive at the start of the proposal effort to drive the team response; on delivery the document serves as a persuasive tool for marketing the program to decision makers. Key elements of the winning process include preproposal strategy; information gathering, integration of themes in technical, cost, and management sections; and postsubmission actions. It is noted that not everyone can write a winning executive summary. Broad technical, management, program, and proposal experience should provide the talents and skills needed to sell a program through the executive summary. The high visibility of an executive summary attracts strong discussion, particularly at storyboard and draft reviews. Keeping its focus on the customer's needs poses a challenge for the proposal team during internal reviews.<> keywords: {Proposals;Costs;Environmental management;Risk management;Professional communication;Marketing management;Subcontracting;Occupational stress;Strategic planning;Production},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=102140&isnumber=3168

A. R. Sofian and Albarda, "Designing SOA-based BATAN Public Services with Restful Web Service," 2019 International Conference on ICT for Smart Society (ICISS), Bandung, Indonesia, 2019, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICISS48059.2019.8969787.Abstract: The rapid development of the use of ICTs through e-government programs launched by the government, especially in the public service sector, has created various innovations based on information systems that cause incompatibility with business systems. Each work unit creates its own information system for business needs so that there is disharmony if it is to be drawn into the public service system at the top level. SOA is needed as a solution to overcome this problem where communication services that were originally P2P were converted into communication between services on the bus to achieve business goals optimally despite various architectures, platforms, programming languages. ESB is a very appropriate middleware for the integration of these background differences. RESTful web services are used to connect each of the existing applications both internal and external applications through ESB. keywords: {Technological innovation;Computer languages;Service-oriented architecture;Business;Information systems;Electronic government;Integration;SOA;ESB;Public;Service;ICT;Platform;Web Services;RESTful},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8969787&isnumber=8969782

P. Chang, "A Distributed Integrated Fare Collection and Accounting System for Metropolitan Railway Transit," 2012 9th International Conference on Ubiquitous Intelligence and Computing and 9th International Conference on Autonomic and Trusted Computing, Fukuoka, Japan, 2012, pp. 797-802, doi: 10.1109/UIC-ATC.2012.147.Abstract: In the real world applications, the most widely used simple-and-small smart device is most likely the ticket of the metropolitan railway transit (MRT). Behind this simple-and-small device, IC-card or RFID token, very large and complicated system is required to facilitate such a smart device. MRT is typically of a distributed environment. MRT's primary purpose is transporting massive passengers, and thus, employs huge volume of distributed fare collections. Development (i.e., scale) of a MRT takes decades to mature, and due to different passes (tickets) may be offered for various travel needs, legacy systems may coexist for certain periods of time, and multiple fare collection methods may be utilized, such that integration of versatile vendors and applications becomes necessary. This paper presents a successful implementation of a web-based distributed integrated fare collection and accounting (IFCA) system in Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation. Such an IFCA system contains more than 1,200 program modules with million lines of source code. The architectural and engineering, as well as management and maintenance, issues will be addressed. The IFCA system replicates application programs and databases for each train station. It is proven robust, scalable, and lower cost. It may be served as a reference model for the existing and currently under building MRTs. keywords: {Servers;Software;Satellite broadcasting;Databases;Frequency control;FAA;Rail transportation;accounting system;distributed system;fare collection;metropolitan railway transit;replication;system integration;transportation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6332086&isnumber=6331954

F. Khorasani, M. E. Belviranli, R. Gupta and L. N. Bhuyan, "Stadium Hashing: Scalable and Flexible Hashing on GPUs," 2015 International Conference on Parallel Architecture and Compilation (PACT), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2015, pp. 63-74, doi: 10.1109/PACT.2015.13.Abstract: Hashing is one of the most fundamental operations that provides a means for a program to obtain fast access to large amounts of data. Despite the emergence of GPUs as many-threaded general purpose processors, high performance parallel data hashing solutions for GPUs are yet to receive adequate attention. Existing hashing solutions for GPUs not only impose restrictions (e.g., inability to concurrently execute insertion and retrieval operations, limitation on the size of key-value data pairs) that limit their applicability, their performance does not scale to large hash tables that must be kept out-of-core in the host memory. In this paper we present Stadium Hashing (Stash) that is scalable to large hash tables and practical as it does not impose the aforementioned restrictions. To support large out-of-core hash tables, Stash uses a compact data structure named ticket-board that is separate from hash table buckets and is held inside GPU global memory. Ticket-board locally resolves significant portion of insertion and lookup operations and hence, by reducing accesses to the host memory, it accelerates the execution of these operations. Split design of the ticket-board also enables arbitrarily large keys and values. Unlike existing methods, Stash naturally supports concurrent insertions and retrievals due to its use of double hashing as the collision resolution strategy. Furthermore, we propose Stash with collaborative lanes (clStash) that enhances GPU's SIMD resource utilization for batched insertions during hash table creation. For concurrent insertion and retrieval streams, Stadium hashing can be up to 2 and 3 times faster than GPU Cuckoo hashing for in-core and out-of-core tables respectively. keywords: {Graphics processing units;Instruction sets;Data structures;Collaboration;Resource management;Concurrent computing;Acceleration;GPU hashing;concurrency support;Out-of-core hash tables;key-value pairs;collaborative lanes execution},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7429295&isnumber=7429279

H. Austin et al., "A Systems Approach to Improving the Spectator Experience at Collegiate Football Games," 2023 Systems and Information Engineering Design Symposium (SIEDS), Charlottesville, VA, USA, 2023, pp. 214-219, doi: 10.1109/SIEDS58326.2023.10137886.Abstract: As ticket sales and student attendance for University of Virginia (UVA) home football games decline, the university must find ways to engage fans with the football program. The following technical evaluation used a systems methodology to improve the customer experience for Scott Stadium spectators, with the additional hope of paralleling an improvement in the school’s football community. Taking a three-pronged approach, the analysis focused on traffic, in-game experience, and website design. A ride-along and interviews with the University Police Department (UPD) yielded observational data regarding game day pedestrian and vehicular traffic. The UVA Athletics Department provided ticketing data. Concessions numbers supplied by Aramark, a student survey, and the team’s observations from game days offered information regarding in-game experience. The research team’s examination of the department’s digital presence gave an analysis of the website design. The interview data and analysis of patron and vehicular traffic patterns indicated that a paucity of signage, GPS directions that only route drivers to prepaid parking, and a dated traffic plan contribute to pregame traffic backups. Investigating ticketing statistics showed that tardy students and inefficient distribution of stadium staff create sparsely attended kickoffs and entrance bottlenecks. An assessment of the game day website revealed a User Experience (UX) design that hinders fans from finding parking, concessions, and general information efficiently. Analysis of concessions data revealed that stadium staff fail to make student-preferred food items available in multiple convenient locations. Finally, the survey data revealed that many students leave before halftime, find the in-game entertainment in need of improvement, and attend games to fraternize with friends rather than watch football. Due to these results, the primary traffic recommendations involve increasing parking signage during game days and an updated traffic plan. To improve the in-game experience, suggestions include prioritizing student-preferred food items, rearranging event staff at entrance gates, incorporating incentives that encourage students and fans to arrive early and stay late at games, and updating in-game entertainment to shift student focus to on-field activities. Finally, recommendations to restructure the game day website include reducing text by utilizing images and bullet points, highlighting critical content through bolding and underlining, and grouping similar information with panels and icons. keywords: {Surveys;Fans;Navigation;Atmosphere;Games;Logic gates;Traffic control;Systems Approach;Process Improvement;Transportation;Traffic Analysis;Modeling;Customer Experience},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10137886&isnumber=10137646

S. A. Sivakumar; K. Pavithra; P. Pavatharani; G. Naviyarasu; M. Sajetha, "E‐Travel ID‐Based Bus Fare Collection System Using 6G Networks," in Development of 6G Networks and Technology , Wiley, 2025, pp.379-394, doi: 10.1002/9781394230686.ch17.Abstract: Summary In the area of consumer service, technological development is crucial in ensuring customer satisfaction. While the public is heavily involved in the public transportation system, service providers are honing the quality of their offerings in a variety of ways. Yet, as fare collection is still a man‐made process, our design is focused on using efficient 6G network and techniques to broaden the system. With the help of the 6G network and smart card technology, we can eliminate challenges caused by lack of coin change rather than trading a direct amount. The smart card is swiped by the ticket agent using the smart card reader, and after entering the travel information for the passenger, the proposed system will generate the tickets. The money is then transferred directly to the transport office account using the 6G network and services. Microcontrollers and radio frequency identification are used to program financial computations that would enable computers to govern all individual objects. In addition, the number of passengers boarding the bus may be determined, and such data are used to improve their service. This initiative might address several flaws in the ticketing system, instantly convey accident information to the closest station, and perhaps save a lot of lives. Passengers no longer need to carry exact change since contactless smart cards will flourish with the amalgamation of 6G networks. Passengers may travel in comfort by using this proposed system implemented using 6G networks. keywords: {6G mobile communication;Real-time systems;Smart cards;Pedestrians;Roads;Resource management;Remote control;Antennas;Vehicles;Traffic control},

K. Rattanaphon, Y. Tongpaeng and S. Wicha, "Enhancing Global Distribution System (GDS) Through API Integration for Non-BSP Travel Agencies: Case Study in Lao PDR," 2026 Joint International Conference on Digital Arts, Media and Technology with ECTI Northern Section Conference on Electrical, Electronics, Computer and Telecommunication Engineering (ECTI DAMT & NCON), Chiang Mai, Thailand, 2026, pp. 279-286, doi: 10.1109/ECTIDAMTNCON67592.2026.11460006.Abstract: This paper examines how Global Distribution System (GDS) capabilities for non-Billing and Settlement Plan (non-BSP) travel agencies can be improved through Application Programming Interface (API) integration. Non-BSP agencies face major operational limitations, including manual cash deposits, spreadsheet-based settlement tracking, and delayed communication with consolidators, which result in slow processing, higher error rates, and limited access to advanced GDS functions. In Laos, these challenges impose significant administrative burdens, particularly in ticket stock management. This study proposes an API-driven digital top-up and real-time payment verification model that automates stock release, enhances transparency, and removes manual verification steps without granting ticketing authority or violating BSP regulations. Based on interviews, workflow mapping, and prototype testing, findings show that the automation model can significantly reduce processing time, improve trust between stakeholders, and support a scalable digital transformation framework for the Lao aviation distribution ecosystem. Experimental results demonstrate a reduction in ticket stock release time of over 97 %, a decrease in error rates to below 3 %, and high user acceptance with Cronbach's Alpha exceeding 0.87. keywords: {Feedback;Circuits;Telecommunications;Protocols;Electronic mail;HTTP;Communication systems;Cloud computing;Interoperability;Internet;Global Distribution System (GDS);Non-Billing and Settlement Plan (Non-BSP) Agencies;Reservation system;API Integration;Payment Gateway Automation;Digital Transformation;Travel Technology;Aviation Fintech Solutions;Airline Distribution Systems},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11460006&isnumber=11459815

L. Gantel, S. Layouni, M. E. A. Benkhelifa, F. Verdier and S. Chauvet, "Multiprocessor Task Migration Implementation in a Reconfigurable Platform," 2009 International Conference on Reconfigurable Computing and FPGAs, Cancun, Mexico, 2009, pp. 362-367, doi: 10.1109/ReConFig.2009.37.Abstract: Mutiprocessor architecture in embedded computing is becoming widely used. In fact, with specific development tools, platforms such as Xilinx Virtex-5 or Virtex-6 FPGA can implement multiprocessor systems (with soft-core and hard-core processors) {with just a few mouse clicks} and offer the possibility of partial and dynamic reconfiguration. Software tasks are scheduled on these platforms by embedded and distributed Real Time Operating System (RTOS). To provide high performance (execution time, power consumption...) to these Multiprocessor Soc (MPSoC) platforms, the RTOS can enable the migration of software tasks between processors. Our work deals with the study and the development of a software layer (an application programming interface) which allows task migration between soft-core processors. The soft-core can be dynamically loaded on FPGA on demand. In this paper, we present a platform that merges these two aspects, partial reconfiguration and software task migration in the context of MPSoCs. We notably investigate the incurred time and overhead for task migration and partial reconfiguration. keywords: {Field programmable gate arrays;Computer architecture;Embedded computing;Multiprocessing systems;Mice;Embedded software;Processor scheduling;Real time systems;Operating systems;Energy consumption;MPSoC;RTOS for embedded platforms;Task migration;FPGA;Dynamic and partial reconfigurable systems},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5382087&isnumber=5381991

G. Wang, J. Xia and E. Lü, "Design of Remote Multi-feedback System for Low-Temperature Distribution Box Based on Mobile Network Platform," 2018 International Conference on Virtual Reality and Intelligent Systems (ICVRIS), Hunan, China, 2018, pp. 284-288, doi: 10.1109/ICVRIS.2018.00076.Abstract: In order to study the remote monitoring and control of the "the last kilometer" low-temperature distribution link of the cold chain logistics of agricultural products, a prototype platform of the low-temperature distribution box which is complementary to the semiconductor refrigeration and the cold storage source is set up. On the basis of the environment control system in the box, taking STM32 as the control core, this paper designs a remote multi-feedback system in low-temperature distribution box, which consists of lithium battery, power supply voltage regulator, control core, serial touch screen, active crystal, reset circuit, communication circuit, GSM module and mobile phone mobile terminal. Through the hardware circuit design and the software task programming, realized the data information of the environment temperature, relative humidity, the temperature of the pulp, the surface temperature of the cold storage plate, the location of the distribution box and so on, and the information of the refrigeration compressor, the cooling pump of the semiconductor hot end, the semiconductor refrigeration film, the axial fan and so on have been remote monitored and early warned. The above design can provide reference for the research of remote monitoring system for cold chain logistics low-temperature distribution equipment. keywords: {Temperature distribution;GSM;Power supplies;Logistics;Humidity;Fans;Fruit and vegetable;Low-temperature distribution box;Mobile network;Remote multi-feedback},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8531403&isnumber=8531327

M. Ghazal, R. Hamouda and S. Ali, "An IoT Smart Queue Management System with Real-Time Queue Tracking," 2015 Fifth International Conference on e-Learning (econf), Manama, Bahrain, 2015, pp. 257-262, doi: 10.1109/ECONF.2015.69.Abstract: This paper proposes a smart queue management system for delivering real-time service request updates to clients' smartphones in the form of audio and visual feedback. The proposed system aims at reducing the dissatisfaction with services with medium to long waiting times. To this end, the system allows carriers of digital ticket to leave the waiting areas and return in time for their turn to receive service. The proposed system also improves the waiting experience of clients choosing to stay in the waiting area by connecting them to the audio signal of the often muted television sets running entertainment programs, advertisement of services, or news. The system is a web of things including connected units for registering and verifying tickets, units for capturing and streaming audio and queue management, and participating client units in the form of smartphone applications. We implemented the proposed system and verified its functionality and report on our findings and areas of improvements. keywords: {Smart phones;Servers;TV;Real-time systems;Entertainment industry;Medical services;Government;Queuing Management Systems;Near Field Communication;Web of Things;Mobile Computing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7478242&isnumber=7478193

Y. You, L. Luo and T. Luo, "Dynamic pricing model in tourism attractions," ICSSSM12, Shanghai, China, 2012, pp. 513-517, doi: 10.1109/ICSSSM.2012.6252290.Abstract: Based on dynamic pricing of revenue management methods, considering that attractions can't refuse tourists and have the largest tolerance, (1) set up a corresponding dynamic programming model of Markov decision process, (2) propose the ticket pricing strategies and get some properties such as that the profit function decreases with time increasing and increases with ticket number increasing. Finally, the numerical example verified the effectiveness of the model. keywords: {Pricing;Biological system modeling;Dynamic programming;Industries;Waste materials;Markov processes;Economics;Tourist attractions;Revenue management;Dynamic pricing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6252290&isnumber=6252172

S. Uemura, Y. Hiehata, H. Koto and H. Nakamura, "A Web Script-Based Access Control System Using Probability Density Function of Service Time," 2011 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), Kyoto, Japan, 2011, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/icc.2011.5963027.Abstract: An enormous number of access/service requests may be received in a short period of time, triggered by specific events such as an interactive TV program and an electronic voting. These service requests can disable the end server when their quantity exceeds its capability. In order to address the problem, we propose a Web script-based access control system using an access ticket assigning mechanism with a suspension time. The proposed system introduces a server that distributes access tickets in an orderly way to the user terminals. In the proposed system, the user terminals that are going to send the service requests can be controlled with a Web script based on technology such as FlashLite. In this way, the number of simultaneous connections in the end server can be adjusted to remain within the limits of its capability. The proposed system can easily be applied to existing systems without any elaborate enhancements of user terminals and end servers, since Web scripts are supported by most mobile terminals by default. The main contribution in this paper is our confirmation that the proposed system works well in a practical situation where the system has to protect a hundred different end servers. keywords: {Servers;Access control;Suspensions;Mobile communication;IEEE Communications Society;Time factors;Probability density function},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5963027&isnumber=5962409

R. R. Porle and N. N. M. Saiful, "Android-based Booking Application for Smart Parking System," 2021 IEEE 19th Student Conference on Research and Development (SCOReD), Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia, 2021, pp. 290-294, doi: 10.1109/SCOReD53546.2021.9652774.Abstract: The Android parking slot booking application enables end users (drivers) to save time and money while avoiding parking lot congestion. Most of the parking lots operate on a manual parking system, in which vehicles enter the lot, obtain a ticket from a machine at the entrance gate, look for an available slot, pay for parking at a counter, and insert the paid ticket into a machine at the exit gate. These actions can be carried out using a mobile application. Numerous studies have analysed the methodologies employed in smart parking systems; however, the majority of research has not addressed mobile applications in detail. The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate how to construct a mobile application using Android Studio. The end user must register and log in to this programme, select a vacant slot to reserve, specify the period of his or her parking, and make a payment. The application was evaluated on a real device, and 28 end user participants evaluated the booking application and provided feedback and recommendations via a Google form. 85.7 percent of respondents believed that parking should be classified. Additionally, 100% of participants indicated that they preferred using an e-Wallet as a payment option. In terms of the booking application itself, 85.7 percent of participants said it was simple to use, while 14.3 percent said it was average. keywords: {Java;Conferences;Logic gates;Mobile applications;Registers;Internet;Automobiles;Android Booking Application;Smart Parking System;Online Parking Reservation;Parking Mobile Application},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9652774&isnumber=9652588

H. F. Putri, R. S. Perdana, Y. Gunawan, K. Manaf, H. H. Solihin and B. Subaeki, "Analysis of Supporting Information Systems for Seminar Activities Using the Ruby on Rails Framework," 2023 17th International Conference on Telecommunication Systems, Services, and Applications (TSSA), Lombok, Indonesia, 2023, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/TSSA59948.2023.10367025.Abstract: Technological developments are increasingly advanced and help many activities. Information Systems Technology is not limited to the use of computers, especially hardware and software, but includes data collection and processing, and system control records. Currently, many marketing communities are holding business education seminars to prepare entrepreneurs to acquire or improve their skills, one of which is the Top-Quality Group Indonesia (TQG-IDN) community. In the process of organizing the seminar, the use of Information System Technology can be a tool to make the seminar more effective. In this research, we will conduct an analysis of the design and development of an information system that aims to assist the seminar process at TQG-IDN which is expected to facilitate the management of user data, event data, and data on seminar venues, seminar ticket stock data, ticket purchase transactions, process attendance by scanning a QR Code, printing seminar certificates, and preparing reports. This system is website-based and designed using the Ruby programming language and the Ruby on Rails framework, while QR code scanning uses the REST API and will be tested using Postman. keywords: {Seminars;Rails;Printing;Education;Process control;QR codes;Software;Information Systems Technology;Business Education;Ruby on Rails Framework;Website;REST API},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10367025&isnumber=10366878

M. Džunda, P. Koščák, L. Melníková and P. Čekan, "Determining the Break Even Point of the Air Carrier," 2022 New Trends in Aviation Development (NTAD), Novy Smokovec, Slovakia, 2022, pp. 43-47, doi: 10.1109/NTAD57912.2022.10013546.Abstract: In this contribution, the problems of revenue management and the break even point of the air carrier determination are solved. The main goal is to develop a procedure to determine the break even point of the air carrier with a focus on covering operating costs for the specified lines. An airline cost model has been created for the operation of the Košice - Bratislava route using the A319 aircraft. A computer program has been also made where the ticket prices can be randomly or manually loaded along with the number of tickets sold at a given price. The break even point for a specific reference example has been determined by simulation. keywords: {Costs;Computational modeling;Atmospheric modeling;Market research;Aircraft;Load modeling;Airline industry},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10013546&isnumber=10013490

Y. Zhang, Y. Liu and H. Gao, "Study of a scenic spot monitoring system based on RFID and multi-sensor information fusion technology," Proceedings of 2011 International Conference on Electronic & Mechanical Engineering and Information Technology, Harbin, China, 2011, pp. 1739-1742, doi: 10.1109/EMEIT.2011.6023438.Abstract: This paper presents a scenic spot monitoring system, to which the RFID and multi-sensor information fusion technology are applied. In this system, e-tickets are used to get tourist' information instead of existing paper tickets, in order to analyze the traffic, forecast and draft the diversion program to protect the area. The online multi-sensor information fusion is used to monitor the crisis situation, and make early warning. And also, the RFID is used to monitor the relic. With this system, the online monitoring can be completed. It provides a visual management tools to managers, a scientific basis for planning and daily management. keywords: {Radiofrequency identification;Monitoring;Temperature measurement;Temperature sensors;Wireless sensor networks;Hardware;Reliability;RFID;Multi-sensor Information Fusion Technology;Environmental monitoring;Danger warning;WSN},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6023438&isnumber=6023000

K. Hidari et al., "Unveiling the Drivers of Developer Satisfaction: Causal Inference Perspective," 2026 IEEE 50th Annual Computers, Software, and Applications Conference (COMPSAC), Madrid, Spain, 2026, pp. 1771-1772, doi: 10.1109/COMPSAC69091.2026.00252.Abstract: Overall satisfaction affects the productivity, creativity, and retention of software engineering developers, but is driven by interdependent and highly context-dependent factors. Existing studies identify the relevant factors, but provide limited support for deciding the priority improvements, why prioritization matters, and at whom priorities should be targeted. This paper presents an organization-adaptive framework combining a structured survey, causal inference, and clustering to uncover actionable drivers of developer satisfaction. The framework consists of three stages: measurement of satisfaction-related factors, estimation of directed relationships and total effects using the direct linear non-Gaussian acyclic model, and k-means grouping of developers with similar satisfaction profiles. As a case study, the framework was applied to Panasonic Automotive Systems Co., Ltd. The results suggest a dominant pathway from creativity to productivity to satisfaction mediated by upstream drivers such as ticket clarity, feedback quality, autonomy, and tool/documentation usability. The clustering results further show that improvement priorities differ across groups. These findings suggest that developer satisfaction should be improved through context-specific, evidence-based interventions rather than by one size fits all actions. keywords: {Modeling;Organizations;developer satisfaction;developer experience;causal inference;DirectLiNGAM;clustering;case study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11645325&isnumber=11645104

Q. Shi, J. Huang, Z. Chen and B. Xu, "Verifying Synchronization for Atomicity Violation Fixing," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 42, no. 3, pp. 280-296, 1 March 2016, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2015.2477820.
Abstract: Atomicity is a fundamental property to guarantee the isolation of a work unit (i.e., a sequence of related events in a thread) from concurrent threads. However, ensuring atomicity is often very challenging due to complex thread interactions. We present an approach to help developers verify whether such work units, which have triggered bugs due to certain violations of atomicity, are sufficiently synchronized or not by locks introduced for fixing the bugs. A key feature of our approach is that it combines the fortes of both bug-driven and change-aware techniques, which enables it to effectively verify synchronizations by testing only a minimal set of suspicious atomicity violations without any knowledge on the to-be-isolated work units, thus being more efficient and practical than other approaches. Besides, unlike existing approaches, our approach effectively utilizes all the inferred execution traces even they may not be completely feasible, such that the verification algorithm can converge much faster. We demonstrate via extensive evaluation that our approach is much more effective and efficient than the state-of-the-arts. Besides, we show that although there have existed sound automatic fixing techniques for atomicity violations, our approach is still necessary and useful for quality assurance of concurrent programs, because the assumption behind our approach is much weaker. We have also investigated one of the largest bug databases and found that insufficient synchronizations are common and difficult to be found in software development.
keywords: {Synchronization;Schedules;Optimization;Java;Computer bugs;Runtime;Instruction sets;Atomicity violations;insufficient synchronization;fix;dynamic trace analysis;maximal sound verification;Atomicity violations;insufficient synchronization;fix;dynamic trace analysis;maximal sound verification},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7254228&isnumber=7432057


O. Baysal, R. Holmes and M. W. Godfrey, "Situational awareness: Personalizing issue tracking systems," 2013 35th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2013, pp. 1185-1188, doi: 10.1109/ICSE.2013.6606674.Abstract: Issue tracking systems play a central role in ongoing software development; they are used by developers to support collaborative bug fixing and the implementation of new features, but they are also used by other stakeholders including managers, QA, and end-users for tasks such as project management, communication and discussion, code reviews, and history tracking. Most such systems are designed around the central metaphor of the “issue” (bug, defect, ticket, feature, etc.), yet increasingly this model seems ill fitted to the practical needs of growing software projects; for example, our analysis of interviews with 20 Mozilla developers who use Bugzilla heavily revealed that developers face challenges maintaining a global understanding of the issues they are involved with, and that they desire improved support for situational awareness that is difficult to achieve with current issue management systems. In this paper we motivate the need for personalized issue tracking that is centered around the information needs of individual developers together with improved logistical support for the tasks they perform. We also describe an initial approach to implement such a system - extending Bugzilla - that enhances a developer's situational awareness of their working context by providing views that are tailored to specific tasks they frequently perform; we are actively improving this prototype with input from Mozilla developers. keywords: {Computer bugs;Software;Prototypes;Interviews;Electronic mail;Target tracking;Software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6606674&isnumber=6606539

G. Zhang, M. Rong, Y. He, X. Zhu and R. Yan, "A Refinement Checking Method of Web Services Composition," 2010 Fifth IEEE International Symposium on Service Oriented System Engineering, Nanjing, China, 2010, pp. 103-106, doi: 10.1109/SOSE.2010.13.Abstract: As a new kind of distributed computing paradigm, web services have been paid more and more attention in recent years. The idea of software as a service is accepted by more and more people. Regarding the web services composition process as a software development process, in this paper we consider web services composition from the view of software architecture, which can control the layout of the whole system. In order to analyze web services composition from the global perspective, we use a software architecture description language based on temporal logic to specify web services composition behavior and property. This also cover the shortage of semantic representations of BPEL, then we transform the temporal logic description to timed-automata, and apply refinement checking to verify the correctness of web service composition, meanwhile the feasibility is illustrated by a ticket booking system. keywords: {Automata;Real time systems;Computer architecture;Software architecture;Service oriented architecture;Clocks;web services composition;temporal logic language;timed-automata;refinement checking},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5569920&isnumber=5569889

Ravi Sagar, Jira Quick Start Guide: Manage your projects efficiently using the all-new Jira , Packt Publishing, 2019.Abstract: Leverage Jira s powerful task management and workflow features to better manage your business processesKey FeaturesThe book covers all major applications of Jira, which are Jira Software, Jira Core, Jira Service Desk.Configure project workflows and the fields that will be used in the project with the help of Jira's featuresCreate tickets for issues and manage your projects using the Jira softwareBook DescriptionJira is an issue tracker and project management system. With their latest release, the Jira team has now expanded their user base to agile teams as well as business teams. This book provides a comprehensive explanation covering all major components of Jira, including Jira Software, Jira Core, and Jira Service Desk. This book starts with an introduction to Jira's unique features and how it can be used as an issue-tracking tool. It will then teach you about how a new project is created by a Jira administrator, what responsibilities there are, and using correct and relevant schemes in your project. You will then learn how to configure project workflows and fields for project screens. You will understand the various permissions used in projects and the importance of project roles in Jira. Then, the book talks about the concepts of versions acting as milestones and using components when handling issues in your projects. It will then focus on analysing data using built-in reports and creating dashboards in Jira. At the end, it will discuss various best practices for users as well as project managers or project administrators. What you will learnImplement Jira as a project administrator or project managerGet familiar with various functionalities of JiraConfigure projects and boards in your organisation s Jira instanceUnderstand how and when to use components and versions in your projectsManage project configurations and Jira schemesLearn the best practices to manage your Jira instanceWho this book is forThis book will be especially useful for project managers but it's also intended for other Jira users, including developers, and any other industry besides software development, who would like to use Jira for project management.

Ravi Sagar, Mastering JIRA 7: Become an expert at using JIRA 7 through this one-stop guide! , Packt Publishing, 2016.Abstract: Become an expert at using JIRA 7 through this one-stop guide!Key Features[] This comprehensive guide will help you implement, customize and administer JIRA 7 application to meet the needs of your organization[] You will get to know the strategies needed to develop and deploy JIRA 7, along with best practices when working with Jira[] It covers the latest integrations of JIRA 7 with third-party platforms to help you professionally manage your software development projectsBook DescriptionAtlassian JIRA 7 is an enterprise issue tracker system. One of its key strengths is its ability to adapt to the needs of an organization, ranging from building software products to managing your support issues. This book provides a comprehensive explanation covering all three components of JIRA 7, such as JIRA Software, JIRA Core, and Jira Service Desk. It shows you how to master the key functionalities of JIRA and its customizations and useful add-ons, and is packed with real-world examples and use cases. You will first learn how to plan for a JIRA 7 installation and fetch data. We cover JIRA reports in detail, which will help you analyze your data effectively. You can add additional features to your JIRA application by choosing one of the already built-in add-ons or building a new one to suit your needs. Then you'll find out about implementing Agile methodologies in JIRA by creating Scrum and Kanban boards. We'll teach you how to integrate your JIRA Application with other tools such as Confluence, SVN, Git, and more, which will help you extend your application. Finally, we'll explore best practices and troubleshooting techniques to help you find out what went wrong and understand how to fix it.What you will learn[] Plan the installation and upgrade of your JIRA instance to the newest version[] Configure issue type schemes, create customized workflows, modify permission schemes, and change notification schemes[] Implement JIRA Service Desk to manage your support tickets[] Customize JIRA for test management, helpdesk, and requirement management[] Deploy JIRA for Agile tracking using the Scrum and Kanban techniques[] Develop JIRA add-ons to extend JIRA s functionality[] Migrate data from external systems using CSV import[] Generate reports directly from the JIRA database and use custom JavaScript and CSS[] Integrate your JIRA application with third-party tools such as Confluence, SVN, and GitWho this book is forIf you are a JIRA administrator who is managing small-to-medium JIRA instances and you want to learn how to manage enterprise-scale instances, then this book will help you expand your knowledge and equip you with advanced skills. Prior understanding of the JIRA core concepts is required.

C. Allen, S. Stoecklin, P. Bobbie, Qian Chen and Ping Wu, "An architecture for designing distributed spoken dialogue interfaces," Proceedings 11th International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence, Chicago, IL, USA, 1999, pp. 245-252, doi: 10.1109/TAI.1999.809793.Abstract: A spoken dialogue interface allows a user to interact with a computer application using speech. The user engages in a conversation with the application to achieve some goal, for example to obtain travel information or to book theatre tickets. In this paper, we describe an architecture and development environment for designing distributed spoken dialogue interfaces. A distributed spoken dialogue interface allows multiple users, distributed throughout a computer network, to interact with an application using speech. With a distributed spoken dialogue interface, several users engage in a conversation with the application, at different times, to achieve some goal. Our approach to distributed spoken dialogue interfaces is based on the idea of an intelligent agent that coordinates the activities of the multiple users interacting with the application. To support our model of distributed spoken dialogues, we have created a software development environment, JSBB, that can be used to design both distributed and non-distributed spoken dialogue interfaces. keywords: {Application software;Speech;Books;Computational Intelligence Society;Identity-based encryption;Intelligent agent;Computer applications;Information systems;Costs;Information retrieval},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=809793&isnumber=17565

B. H. Liebowitz and R. S. Wolf, "The use of minicomputers in racetrack totalisator systems," in Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 61, no. 11, pp. 1626-1633, Nov. 1973, doi: 10.1109/PROC.1973.9336.
Abstract: A racetrack totslisator is described which is capable of processing 300 bets/s from up to 1000 ticket-issuing machines. The system contains minicomputers which provide high-reliability low-cost computing power, capable of supporting the requirements of any racetrack in the United States or Canada. The computers are duplexed. Both computers process every bet and operator action. Either computer can continue processing if the other fails. The software provides extensive error checking of all hardware components. All bets are logged to magnetic tape, which can be used to restart the system in case of a system "blow." The real-time program was written in machine language and a specially developed higher level language. The master file contains 35 000 instructions. A typical program may contain 20 000 words of program and data tables. An off-Hne program is used to generate individual systems, tailored to the requirements of specific racetracks.
keywords: {Microcomputers;Out of order;Computer displays;Computer errors;Hardware;Prototypes;Production systems;Design engineering;Equipment failure;Financial management},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1451266&isnumber=31174


A. B. P, J. M. D, K. M, B. Choudhary and P. L. H, "The Evolution of Bug Detection: Past Foundations, Present Advances, and Future Techniques," 2025 5th International Conference on Evolutionary Computing and Mobile Sustainable Networks (ICECMSN), Coimbatore, India, 2025, pp. 870-873, doi: 10.1109/ICECMSN68058.2025.11383134.Abstract: The software development process of the modern world is already bogged down with the input of a number of disparate sources of user input e.g. app stores, social media sites, and support tickets. Another significant area in software engineering is bug detection, which entails defect identification and elimination with the aim of achieving extra durability and performance within the system. More recent work uses multimodal large language models (LLMs) on tasks such as non-crash functional bug detection, on compiler log analysis using ensemble learning, and on bug priority using sentiment analysis. The manual triaging of this information is a massive bottleneck, and it has resulted in low response rates, the rejection of bug reports that end up in problematic areas and of course gluttonous utilization of developer resources. The rationale behind such a critical need of the given project is the necessity to address the problem such as the design, development, and testing of the smart, automated analysis of feedback system. We not only extend standard sentiment analysis, but have constructed a unique, two task Large Language Model (LLM) that not only classifies user comments into tasks that can be used (Bug Report, Complaint, Feature Request, Question, Positive Feedback), but is also capable of summarizing comments with short and actionable summaries. This report outlines the project lifecycle that shows a high potential remedy to optimize the performance of the developers and to cut down the gap between feedback obtained by the users and the engineering activity carried out. keywords: {Training;Sentiment analysis;Visualization;Social networking (online);Large language models;Computer bugs;Standards organizations;Software systems;Software engineering;Software development management;Bug Detection;Large Language Model (LLM);Bug Reports;Sentiment Analysis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11383134&isnumber=11382549

W. K. F. Ngan and D. K. W. Chiu, "Value-Added Services and Decision Support Through Web Services Brokering: A Case Study on E-Travel Insurance Quotation," 2007 International Conference on Machine Learning and Cybernetics, Hong Kong, China, 2007, pp. 3825-3830, doi: 10.1109/ICMLC.2007.4370813.Abstract: With the maturing of Web services, businesses can effectively provide value-added services to one another through a program-to-program interface. Not only can this expand business opportunities, but also it helps provide convenient services to customers. In addition, a service brokering system can effectively achieve this, providing match-and-rank decision support to customers. Motivated by our earlier study on the complexity of integrated tourist services, we present an e-travel insurance quotation system (ETQS) in this paper. The ETQS offers travel insurance premium quotations as a value-added service to online air ticket sales. We illustrate the applicability of our approach, together with some details of the processes integration through Web services. keywords: {Web services;Insurance;Companies;Machine learning;Cybernetics;Costs;Web and internet services;Computer aided software engineering;Computer science;Computer interfaces},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4370813&isnumber=4370780

J. L. Gordon, "Professional and technical communication students as entrepreneurs-in-training," 2016 IEEE International Professional Communication Conference (IPCC), Austin, TX, USA, 2016, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/IPCC.2016.7740536.Abstract: As director of a university professional and technical writing (PTW) program, my pedagogy must have two aims: to teach students strategies for using language effectively in various genres, and to train them to see themselves as working professionals. To meet the first aim, our program's course work requires students to examine a wide range of document types through a rhetorical lens. To meet the second aim, we advise students early in their college careers that their degree will be a credential, not a ticket to a job. They are encouraged to seek out, well before they graduate, internships, projects for businesses and organizations, and other work in the field. We advise them to think of themselves not simply as students majoring in a subject, but as professionals. In other words, we are training students to see themselves as "entrepreneurs-in-training." This paper advocates for a view of PTW students as entrepreneurs-in-training and includes an interview with a student who fulfilled this goal successfully. keywords: {Writing;Entrepreneurship;Conferences;Training;Interviews;Entrepreneurship education;technical writing;technical communication},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7740536&isnumber=7740473

N. Guedri and R. Gharbi, "Finger movements tracking of the human hand using the smart camera to control the Allegro Hand robot," 2021 IEEE 2nd International Conference on Signal, Control and Communication (SCC), Tunis, Tunisia, 2021, pp. 320-324, doi: 10.1109/SCC53769.2021.9768366.Abstract: Gestures are one of the richest ways of communication that humans have. Therefore, automated hand detection and finger behavior are some of the most compelling challenges in robot vision. Recently, many ideas and technologies have been used in programming to use cameras to recognize the fingers of human hands and apply them to robots. In this paper; the innovative algorithm is based on intelligent ideas and mainly relies on image analysis after camera shooting. In order to identify the fingers of the hand by a camera, the idea is to assign each finger to a percentage in pixels of the binary image, which represents the area of the finger. Each ratio compares to the live image to determine which fingers the user has chosen to control the Allegro Hand robot. Also in this work, the hand can move freely in front of the camera, relying on a new idea of measuring the distance between the hand and the camera. We use for this a small ticket in geometric form square and color different to black and white. This ticket is affixed to the back of the user's hand and through which we can know the size of the hand, regardless of the distance on the Z-axis of the image. This is important in determining the proportions of the fingers according to the distance from the camera. The camera is here combined with a hand human and Allegro Hand to ensure more interactive communication, harmony and easier. The result of the smart camera is tested with multiple experimental trials with a robotic hand. Many finger positions were identified correctly in front of the camera. keywords: {Parallel robots;Image analysis;Tracking;Image color analysis;Robot vision systems;Smart cameras;Machine learning;Finger detection;Depth image;Human-machine interaction;Smart display},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9768366&isnumber=9768337

F. D. Darojat, F. Belladina, M. Mufida, R. Leandros and D. F. Murad, "Evaluation of User Experience on Pelita Air Application Using Design Thinking Method," 2024 International Conference on Information Management and Technology (ICIMTech), Bali, Indonesia, 2024, pp. 467-472, doi: 10.1109/ICIMTech63123.2024.10780868.Abstract: Pelita Air, owned by PT. Pelita Air Services, provides air transportation services through both charter and regular systems. In response to technological advancements, Pelita Air launched the “Pelita Air” mobile application, aiming to streamline flight ticket bookings for potential passengers. However, users encountered difficulties in locating necessary menus and found the interface less intuitive, impeding the ticket booking process. Data revealed significant customer dissatisfaction, with unsatisfactory ratings of 53.33% on the App Store and 23.68% on the Play Store. This study addressed customer dissatisfaction issues such as feedback during actions within the Pelita Air application, the lack of innovative and creative existing interfaces, the need for new features or aspects to enhance user experience, the necessity for guidance features to assist new users, and the discovery of several bugs in the application. This research implemented the Design Thinking methodology, involving crucial stages of empathizing, defining, ideating, prototyping, and testing. By applying a quantitative research method, hypotheses were tested using a sample of 100 respondents. The sampling technique employed in this study was simple random sampling using the Taro Yamane formula. The evaluation of the Pelita Air application pre-improvement showed an average rating of 3.58, which significantly increased to 4.52 out of a total score of 5 post-implementation. It is recommended to involve the introduction of additional services, such as implementing a customer loyalty program and a points redemption system. keywords: {Design methodology;Computer bugs;Air transportation;User experience;Mobile applications;Information management;Testing;customer satisfaction;mobile applications;UI/UX;design thinking},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10780868&isnumber=10780441

M. Papa, O. Bremer, R. Chandia, J. Hale and S. Shenoi, "Extending Java for package based access control," Proceedings 16th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC'00), New Orleans, LA, USA, 2000, pp. 67-76, doi: 10.1109/ACSAC.2000.898859.Abstract: This paper describes an extension of the Java language that provides programmable security. The approach augments the Java syntax with constructs for specifying various access control policies for Java packages, including DAC, MAC, RBAC and TBAC. A primitive ticket based mechanism serves as the foundation for programmable security. The implementation incorporates a preprocessor for language translation and a security service library that implements the ticket management infrastructure. The preprocessor translates the extended Java source code to native Java for eventual bytecode interpretation simultaneously binding security services to the native code. The design is simple and flexible and provides developers with an effective tool for programming security within Java packages. keywords: {Java;Packaging;Access control;Protection;Data security;Object oriented modeling;Libraries;Authorization;Information security;Computer science},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=898859&isnumber=19469

E. Sreedevi, V. PremaLatha, S. Sivakumar and S. R. Nayak, "A Comparative Study on New Classification Algorithm using NASA MDP Datasets for Software Defect Detection," 2019 International Conference on Intelligent Sustainable Systems (ICISS), Palladam, India, 2019, pp. 312-317, doi: 10.1109/ISS1.2019.8908096.Abstract: Software Defect (SD) prediction motivates as basic position in upgrading software program and also it helps for software testing in reducing time as well as value of it. Defect prediction in software program is distinct as an enormously vital capacity when arranging a software task and considerably more endeavour is needed to comprehend this complicated problem utilizing a software measurements and defect dataset. Measurements are the association among the numerical and categorical attribute value and it applied at the software consequently its miles utilized for predicting defect. In this paper, we discussed about a study on new classification algorithm as know as Mixed Mode Database Miner (MMDBM) utilizing NASA MDP datasets. Finally the proposed algorithm MMDBM classifier progress to less processing time and high level of accuracy rate. keywords: {Software;NASA;Classification algorithms;Predictive models;Software metrics;Software Detection;Software Metrics;NASA Dataset;Accuracy},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8908096&isnumber=8907942

H. Ming, B. Xia, K. -Y. Lee, A. Adepoju, S. Shakkottai and L. Xie, "Prediction and Assessment of Demand Response Potential with Coupon Incentives in Highly Renewable Power Systems," in Protection and Control of Modern Power Systems, vol. 5, no. 2, pp. 1-14, April 2020, doi: 10.1186/s41601-020-00155-x.
Abstract: Demand Response (DR) provides both operational and financial benefits to a variety of stakeholders in the power system. For example, in the deregulated market operated by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT), load serving entities (LSEs) usually purchase electricity from the wholesale market (either in day-ahead or real-time market) and sign fixed retail price contracts with their end-consumers. Therefore, incentivizing end-consumers' load shift from peak to off-peak hours could benefit the LSE in terms of reducing its purchase of electricity under high prices from the real-time market. As the first-of-its-kind implementation of Coupon Incentive-based Demand Response (CIDR), the EnergyCoupon project provides end-consumers with dynamic time-of-use DR event announcements, individualized load reduction targets with EnergyCoupons as the incentive for meeting these targets, as well as periodic lotteries using these coupons as lottery tickets for winning dollar-value gifts. A number of methodologies are developed for this special type of DR program including price/baseline prediction, individualized target setting and a lottery mechanism. This paper summarizes the methodologies, design, critical findings, as well as the potential generalization of such an experiment. Comparison of the EnergyCoupon with a conventional Time-of-Use (TOU) price-based DR program is also conducted. Experimental results in the year 2017 show that by combining dynamic coupon offers with periodic lotteries, the effective cost for demand response providers in EnergyCoupon can be substantially reduced, while achieving a similar level of demand reduction as conventional DR programs.
keywords: {Renewable energy sources;Costs;Design methodology;Power system dynamics;Power system protection;Demand response;Real-time systems;EnergyCoupon;Incentive-based demand response;Critical peak pricing;Electricity market;Prospect theory},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10371764&isnumber=10371740


B. L. Schooley, S. S. Feldman and N. S. Alnosayan, "Development of a Disability Employment Information System: An Information Systems Design Theory Approach," 2011 44th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, Kauai, HI, USA, 2011, pp. 1-10, doi: 10.1109/HICSS.2011.163.Abstract: Employment has been shown to provide people with disabilities a sense of self satisfaction and contribution to society. However, a significant challenge exists in that social constraints are often imposed on this population by an uninformed or uneducated socio-political system. Governments struggle with appropriate means to address such constraints. One such program in the U.S., called Ticket-to-Work (TTW), rewards certain public and private organizations for providing employment services for people with disabilities. While multi-organizational e-government systems have been developed to enable a wide range of public programs, no disability employment system was found to exist to serve a clear need for improved employment services across public and private organizations serving the TTW program. This research employs Information Systems Design Theory (ISDT) to design, develop, and assess a disability employment system. End user data collection, system requirements, system design and kernel theories are presented, design propositions are evaluated, and implications are discussed on the role of e-government in disability employment management. keywords: {Employment;Information systems;Interviews;Electronic government},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5718656&isnumber=5718420

A. S. Silva, A. Araújo, P. Palomino, R. Araújo and D. Dermeval, "Mastering Requirements Volatility: Strategies for Dynamic Environments and Multiple Stakeholders in Government Software Projects," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 183060-183077, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3510056.
Abstract: Government software projects face challenges due to requirement volatility, dynamic environments, and multiple stakeholders. This study examines these challenges through a case study of the Brazilian National Textbook Program (PNLD) software platform. We analyze qualitative and quantitative data from user stories, support tickets, and stakeholder interviews to assess the impact of stakeholder centralization on requirement stability and development efficiency. Our findings indicate that reducing the number of stakeholders significantly decreases volatility and improves project alignment and communication. The data shows enhanced issue resolution efficiency, especially in backend operations and post-centralization. We also identify key themes related to communication, coordination, and agile methodologies that influence project outcomes. Based on these insights, we propose guidelines and best practices to optimize software development in dynamic, multi-stakeholder environments. These recommendations highlight the importance of streamlined stakeholder roles, robust communication channels, and balanced agile practices. This research offers practical strategies for improving the stability and efficiency of government software projects.
keywords: {Software;Stakeholders;Complexity theory;Government;Education;Stability criteria;Public policy;Guidelines;Encoding;Uncertainty;Agile methodologies;dynamic environments;government software projects;requirement volatility;stakeholders management},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10772187&isnumber=10380310


J. M, D. P, D. K, S. D. M, R. S and S. K. S, "Enhancing Efficiency in Public Transport: A Java-Based Commuter Card Renewal Application," 2025 8th International Conference on Trends in Electronics and Informatics (ICOEI), Tirunelveli, India, 2025, pp. 1017-1022, doi: 10.1109/ICOEI65986.2025.11013697.Abstract: Commuter Card Renewal Application is a sophisticated software program created to automate and simplify the renewal of transport passes for mass transit systems. Written in Java, the application is intended to enhance the convenience and efficiency of renewing commuter passes by both passengers and transit agencies. Typical paper based and physical renewal processes result in long queues, bureaucratic inefficiencies, and delays. This solution resolves these issues directly by providing an easy-to-use web portal where commuters can renew their transport passes easily online without having to make in-person visits to ticket counters. Key platform features include user registration and secure login, allowing travelers to easily create accounts and maintain profiles. The application is based on up-to-date technologies like Java EE, the Spring Framework, and a relational database, with the goal of providing scalability, security, and reliability. The Commuter Card Renewal Application provides a stable and effective solution by following best practices in the industry and drawing on current software development standards. keywords: {Java;Scalability;Relational databases;Market research;Software;Software reliability;Security;Standards;Portals;Software development management;Commuter Card Renewal;Efficiency;Online Application},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11013697&isnumber=11012930

R. Gupta, S. Verma and K. Janjua, "Custom Application Development in Cloud Environment: Using Salesforce," 2018 4th International Conference on Computing Sciences (ICCS), Jalandhar, India, 2018, pp. 23-27, doi: 10.1109/ICCS.2018.00010.Abstract: As of late, the significance of moderate access to dependable equipment, programming assets and minimizing the support expenses and security concerns have energized vast foundation supervisors and organizations to relocate to distributed computing i.e. to cloud computing. The cloud services are running the world at a good pace. The paper presents the two services of cloud that is salesforce.com and Force.com and also the functionality of these services by introducing a ticket booking desktop application for metro rail users using Salesforce.com and Force.com. Salesforce.com is a suite of CRM (Customer Relationship Management) tools which are designed to help big and small businesses dramatically improving their customer service, retention rates, purchase analysis and much, much more. Salesforce provides both SaaS and PaaS cloud services. Force.com is the platform provided by salesforce, is used for application development. keywords: {Cloud computing;Customer relationship management;Software as a service;User interfaces;Security;Organizations;Cloud Computing, Salesforce.com, Force.com, Apex, Visualforce},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8611028&isnumber=8611018

M. W. Rohrer, "AutoMod tutorial [simulation package]," 2000 Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings (Cat. No.00CH37165), Orlando, FL, USA, 2000, pp. 170-176 vol.1, doi: 10.1109/WSC.2000.899713.Abstract: Whether designing a new system or modifying an existing one, engineers want to take the guesswork out of finding the best possible solution. While there are many analysis methods for designing industrial systems, simulation remains the method that gives the highest level of confidence a system will work. The AutoMod/sup TM/ Product Suite from AutoSimulations has been used on 1000s of projects to help engineers and managers make the best decisions possible. AutoMod combines the ease of use of a simulator-type tool with the power and flexibility of a simulation language and 3D graphics. The main focus of the AutoMod simulation product is on manufacturing and material handling systems. AutoMod is flexible enough, though, to use in other non-manufacturing applications, e.g., fast food restaurants, rental car lots, airport ticket counters, and container loading in ports. With the release of AutoMod version 10.0 in 2000, graphics in AutoMod are even more realistic than before. AutoMod's new VR Graphics allows modelers to create visually accurate 3D scenes in their models, making them more convincing. VR Graphics in AutoMod allows VRML format files to be imported for entities in the model. The AutoMod Product Suite includes: (a) AutoMod, discrete and continuous simulation; (b) Simulator, manufacturing-oriented interface for fast and easy modeling; (c) AutoStat, statistical analysis including optimization technology, (d) AutoView, dynamic walk-though of animation with AVI support; (e) Model Communications Module (MCM) to link models to other programs. keywords: {Manufacturing data processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=899713&isnumber=19454

P. Anghelescu and I. A. Stefan, "Parking management and control system," 2017 9th International Conference on Electronics, Computers and Artificial Intelligence (ECAI), Targoviste, Romania, 2017, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ECAI.2017.8166395.Abstract: This paper describes a new solution for parking management and control that can be used along with the actual parking system. The proposed solution uses a Web Service as a data controller, a database for data storage and three client applications targeting a better user experience. Web Service's role is to process data received from clients and works as a link between clients and database. Also, Web Service role is to validate requested data and send a proper response to client according with validation result. Clients splits into Web Client (Web Application), Mobile Client (Android Application) and an Admin Client (Desktop Application). Web and Mobile clients are used by drivers to reserve, pay the parking ticket or to make a subscription. Admin Client is used by an admin to add new cities, new parking in system, edit actual data or just view actual data. All the algorithms and results obtained in this paper are developed and tested using the C# and JavaScript programming languages and SQL query language. keywords: {Automobiles;Web services;Control systems;Databases;Urban areas;Smart phones;web service;web client;mobile client;admin client;parking management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8166395&isnumber=8166382

P. V. McEnroe, H. T. Huth, E. A. Moore and W. W. Morris III, "Overview of the Supermarket System and the Retail Store System," in IBM Systems Journal, vol. 14, no. 1, pp. 3-15, 1975, doi: 10.1147/sj.141.0003.
Abstract: The Retail Store and Supermarket Systems are designed to assist in performing the tasks of store operations, in particular, sales, ordering, and ticket-making. They are also designed to solve the problems and perform the tasks of the area headquarters management with the user's programs using data collected from store operation for inventory control, labor scheduling, traffic management, store shelf allocation, sales promotion assessment, and item profitability evaluation, among others.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5388143&isnumber=5388142


M. Rohrer, "AutoMod product suite tutorial (AutoMod, Simulator, AutoStat) by AutoSimulations," WSC'99. 1999 Winter Simulation Conference Proceedings. 'Simulation - A Bridge to the Future' (Cat. No.99CH37038), Phoenix, AZ, USA, 1999, pp. 220-226 vol.1, doi: 10.1109/WSC.1999.823075.Abstract: The AutoMod/sup TM/ Product Suite from AutoSimulations has been used on 1000s of projects to help engineers and managers make the best decisions possible. AutoMod combines the ease of use of a simulator-type tool with the power and flexibility of a simulation language. 3D graphics have been an integral part of the AutoMod product since its inception in 1984. The main focus of the AutoMod simulation product is on manufacturing and materials handling systems. AutoMod is flexible enough, though, to use in other non-manufacturing applications, for restaurants, rental car lots, airport ticket counters, and container loading in ports. With the release of AutoMod version 9.0, AutoMod now supports continuous and discrete models. The new Tanks and Pipes module allows users in the process industry to model the details of fluid and bulk material flow. The AutoMod Product Suite includes: AutoMod, discrete and continuous simulation; Simulator, manufacturing-oriented interface for fast and easy modeling; AutoStat, statistical analysis including optimization technology; AutoVie, dynamic walk-though of animation with support for AVI file creation; and Model Communications Module (MCM), for linking models to other programs, such as control systems. This article gives an overview of the AutoMod Product Suite, explaining the technical details of the products and how they interrelate to each other. keywords: {Tutorial;Virtual manufacturing;Analytical models;Power engineering and energy;Project management;Engineering management;Graphics;Materials handling;Airports;Counting circuits},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=823075&isnumber=17684

M. B. Hossain, M. N. Hossain, Md. Moqbull Hossen and M. H. Rahman, "Design and development of microcontroller based electronic queue control systems," IEEE Technology Students' Symposium, Kharagpur, India, 2011, pp. 48-52, doi: 10.1109/TECHSYM.2011.5783862.Abstract: In this work, low-cost, portable microcontroller based electronic queue control (EQC) systems have been developed for the purpose of controlling queue in banking, hotel reservation counter, ticket counter, insurance company, customer service center etc. The aim of the designed systems is to maintain a queue with order and efficiency. Two different queue control systems have been implemented with slightly different features. In EQC system-1, a general display has been used for displaying token number and service counter number whereas in EQC system-2, each token number has been displayed individually in each service counter with separate displays. In the both systems, each customer has to collect a token and then will be served whenever the token number is displayed. The systems were designed around a 16F72 IC, a low-cost 8-bit PIC microcontroller and entirely software controlled. The control programs have been developed using the PIC assembly language. Finally, the systems have been tested under different conditions to evaluate their performance. keywords: {Radiation detectors;Microcontrollers;USA Councils;Decoding;Production;Light emitting diodes;Microcontroller;Electronic Queue Control System;Display;PIC assembly language},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5783862&isnumber=5783792

R. S. Bhadoria, M. Dixit, V. Mishra and K. S. Jadon, "Enhancing web technology through wiki-shell architecture," 2011 World Congress on Information and Communication Technologies, Mumbai, India, 2011, pp. 83-87, doi: 10.1109/WICT.2011.6141222.Abstract: The usage of World Wide Web (WWW) and Internet has increased tremendously in the past decade. WWW has changed the way humans now communicate. Initially when WWW was built, it was an application running on the internet. But now web has itself become a platform and numerous applications have been built making use of web-technology stack which run over the WWW. Online shopping portals and online automated systems, for e.g. Amazon and online railway ticket booking, are two hugely popular applications built using the same. Wiki is another such application exemplified by Wikipedia which has become one of the biggest knowledge repositories. Wiki has proven to be an excellent collaboration tool and lot of companies and organisations are using it for various projects and team management. Typically a web application is developed using an application server and a database server like the LAMP stack where Apache is used as web server, MySQL engine is used as the database engine and PHP is used as server-side programming language. In this work, we present a design on how to integrate a Wiki into the current architecture and demonstrate its feasibility. By making use of Wiki engine as a component in the web technology stack, people can build lot of web applications, depending on their needs, in a very easy and convenient way. It can be used in many different scenarios. We have also built a command like application known as Wiki Shell using which people can write queries to fetch information from Wiki Engine. keywords: {Internet;Electronic publishing;Engines;Encyclopedias;Databases;HTML},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6141222&isnumber=6141189

X. N. Deng and T. Wang, "Presentation 11. Promoting IT service employees' customer-oriented behaviors: An empirical study of an ERP support center in a healthcare enterprise," 2014 IT Professional Conference, Gaithersburg, MD, USA, 2014, pp. 1-3, doi: 10.1109/ITPRO.2014.7029300.Abstract: The role of information technology (IT) employees has undergone dramatic changes over the years. In the 1960s and 1970s, IT employees were highly valued for their technical skills in managing computer operations, programming, and processing data. However, in organizations today, they are expected to be proficient in business operations, management, and interpersonal communication. This shift in skills and competence requirements of IT employees challenges them to adopt customer-oriented behaviors and to strive for excellent customer services. Service organizations, such as IT help desks and call centers, have long emphasized the importance of service quality and customer satisfaction (i.e., service effectiveness). Yet IT service employees are often evaluated on the timeliness and volume of service calls (i.e., service efficiency). Balancing the trade-off between the two performance measures — effectiveness versus efficiency — becomes a fundamental dilemma for IT executives and managers. Moreover, the increasing emphasis on customer satisfaction has blurred the boundary between in-role (expected job duties) and extra-role (discretionary) customer service behaviors in IT services. To enhance our understanding, in this article, we seek to address two questions: (1) what types of customer-oriented behaviors do IT service employees demonstrate? (2) How do customer-oriented behaviors affect an IT service employee's task efficiency? To answer our questions, we draw on the literature on organizational citizenship behaviors (OCBs), defined as discretionary behaviors that promote the effective functioning of an organization but not part of the formal job description. An example of OCBs would be that one team member offers to help a newcomer learn how to perform a specific team task. In our research, we focus on IT employees' discretionary behaviors directed to their business counterparts (end-users), and refer to those behaviors as customer-oriented OCBs. The study is based on our empirical investigation of an Enterprise System Support Center in a large healthcare organization that implemented two enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications — HR/Payroll Management and Supplier Relationship Management. In this article, we discuss five major types of customer-oriented OCBs — anticipation, education, justification, personalization-business, personalization-technology — in the provision of IS support services, and empirically test the association between the five types of OCBs and employees' task efficiency. Using a sample of 587 records from the support center's ticketing database, we show that an customer-oriented OCB is negatively associated with task efficiency in IS support services, but not all types of citizenship behaviors have a significant, negative effect on an IT employee's task efficiency. Among the five OCB types, the OCBs related to anticipation, justification, and personalization-technology are found to require significantly more efforts from IT employees, compared to the non-OCB instances. When support tasks are informational (i.e., information retrieval), the efforts required to perform personalization-technology OCBs become minimal. Organizations should promote the customer-oriented behaviors of their IT employees, and consider them as a promising and value-added source for enhancing effective use of organizational IS. In the meantime, it is worth noting that those customer-oriented behaviors will cost IT employees extra efforts, affecting their task efficiency. In this regard, our study urges both academia and industry practitioners to update our views of IT employees' role in organizational IS support and to promote human resource policies related to the development of IT professionals. keywords: {Educational institutions;Organizations;Information systems;Information technology;Medical services;Customer services},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7029300&isnumber=7029273

D. P. A. Bandara, S. P. D. D. Prera, D. N. P. D. D. Perera, P. N. D. Silva, S. Kasthuriarachchi and U. U. Samantha Rajapaksha, "A Surveillance System Controlling Covid-19 in Office Environments," 2022 4th International Conference on Advancements in Computing (ICAC), Colombo, Sri Lanka, 2022, pp. 299-303, doi: 10.1109/ICAC57685.2022.10025286.Abstract: COVID-19 is one of the pandemic diseases that has hit the world including Sri Lanka. He has a virus that became the target of bids to stop its spread. Including the implementation of health protocols, to provide information about the spread of the virus emergency response, detection services for suspicious persons infected with the virus, and programs to contain the spread of the virus ensuring that the whole of Sri Lanka gets vaccinated. Here, the research focuses on the minimal spread of the face mask in the office environment an identification system that uses a deep learning model that prioritizes object recognition for the identification of employees who wear a face mask and detects social distancing and crowd gathering, if any if there is a violation, it will inform via a voice notification. Loss of Smell after the next component. One person can use one disposable card to check the smell of sniffing. Each disposable card has QR codes, and all QR codes are encrypted by adding data. The user scans the QR code on their ticket and then scratches off and smelled the smelling area and selected the corresponding scent on the disposable card. Employee company attendance is a proposed automated attendance system using facial recognition. Because it requires minimal human influence and offers a high level of accuracy and marking employee attendance and employee body temperature measurement, facial recognition will appear to be a practical option. This system aims to provide a high level of protection. Automated Attendance systems that detect and recognize are safe, fast, and time-consuming savings. This technique can also be used to identify an unknown person. keywords: {COVID-19;Temperature measurement;Protocols;Pandemics;Face recognition;Surveillance;QR codes;Coronavirus;COVID-19;Deep Learning;Health Protocols},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10025286&isnumber=10025033

S. Tangeda, A. Kumar and V. M. Manikandan, "An Interactive Puzzle Pattern-based CAPTCHA Scheme for Security," 2023 2nd International Conference on Vision Towards Emerging Trends in Communication and Networking Technologies (ViTECoN), Vellore, India, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ViTECoN58111.2023.10157828.Abstract: The Internet nowadays is playing a significant role in our everyday life. Many web services have registration and require user input. These involve completely automated public Turing tests to tell computers and humans apart (CAPTCHA). The web services like Gmail registration, bank transactions, and ticket booking often face attacks from bots which are computer programs. The CAPTCHA is used to protect the sites from these dangerous bots. This technique offers good security for websites as analysis proves that humans can easily solve the CAPTCHA but bots can rarely do that. This is because computers do not have the visual capacity and real understanding like humans. There are four types of methods in the development of CAPTCHA. They are CAPTCHA based on images, audio, video, and puzzles. Here the paper is focused on the development of Puzzle-based CAPTCHA. This implies the user needs to solve the puzzle to access the website. If the puzzle is not solved, the user can't go forward as the site treats it as a bot and denies access. This is one of the efficient methods which made it easily possible for humans but hard for bots. It involves human intelligence and simple testing. Various puzzles are used as a CAPTCHA. This paper is based on the pattern recognition puzzle CAPTCHA. The basic idea is that the user needs to identify the next pattern based on existing patterns. This involves simple logic which humans can solve. The pattern recognition puzzle challenges human intelligence and is much more difficult for the bots to solve so that it could be more secure. keywords: {Computers;Visualization;Web services;Human intelligence;Chatbots;Market research;Safety;CAPTCHA;security;puzzles;human intelligence},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10157828&isnumber=10156895

X. Sun, J. Gu and Z. Sun, "Cluster Analysis and Research on Credit Decision Based on TOPSIS AHP Model," 2023 2nd International Conference on Data Analytics, Computing and Artificial Intelligence (ICDACAI), Zakopane, Poland, 2023, pp. 509-513, doi: 10.1109/ICDACAI59742.2023.00102.Abstract: According to the enterprise data, this paper establishes the cluster analysis model and the hierarchical analysis model based on TOPSIS to help banks analyze their credit risk and make credit decisions. First of all, we preprocess the data, and divide 99 enterprises into six categories based on credit rating, ticket rejection rate and enterprise profit proportion. Secondly, with quota and interest rate as the first level indicators, strength, supply and demand stability, risk and reputation as the second level indicators, the scores of six categories of enterprises under quota and interest rate are determined by subjective and objective weighting method. Then the Credit Strategies of different types of enterprises are determined by the score. Considering the default rate of enterprises, the “0-1“ programming model is established. Finally, the objective evaluation and promotion of the model are carried out. keywords: {Analytical models;Supply and demand;Data analysis;Economic indicators;Analytic hierarchy process;Programming;Data models;Cluster analysis;Based on TOPSIS analytic hierarchy process;Enterprise credit decision making},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10361174&isnumber=10361043

T. Ito, "Simulation-Based Approaches Towards Congestion Problems," 2008 Second Asia International Conference on Modelling & Simulation (AMS), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 2008, pp. 648-653, doi: 10.1109/AMS.2008.192.Abstract: A simulation-based approach provides a hint to study a solution to various problems. To show the feasibility of this approach in our research, this paper focuses on the congestion problems which can be found in various fields, including service counters at peak times, cafeteria at lunch times, road traffics in rush hours, and logistics control in a tight schedule. Ticket counter simulation was studied and implemented as a Web-based simulation program. Human crowds control simulation and traffic simulation model were implemented with a general simulator, and evaluation on these models were studied to propose a solution to the congestion problems. Logistics control simulation was studied using an agent-based framework. Reviewing all of these application examples, this paper shows how the simulation-based approaches work towards congestion problems. keywords: {Counting circuits;Traffic control;Logistics;Internet;Job shop scheduling;Humans;Java;Asia;Indium tin oxide;Roads;Simulation;congestion problem;traffic congestion;logistics},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4530552&isnumber=4530428

M. Rahman, P. Rigby, D. Palani and T. Nguyen, "Cleaning StackOverflow for Machine Translation," 2019 IEEE/ACM 16th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2019, pp. 79-83, doi: 10.1109/MSR.2019.00021.Abstract: Generating source code API sequences from an English query using Machine Translation (MT) has gained much interest in recent years. For any kind of MT, the model needs to be trained on a parallel corpus. In this paper we clean StackOverflow, one of the most popular online discussion forums for programmers, to generate a parallel English-Code corpus from Android posts. We contrast three data cleaning approaches: standard NLP, title only, and software task extraction. We evaluate the quality of the each corpus for MT. To provide indicators of how useful each corpus will be for machine translation, we provide researchers with measurements of the corpus size, percentage of unique tokens, and per-word maximum likelihood alignment entropy. We have used these corpus cleaning approaches to translate between English and Code [22, 23], to compare existing SMT approaches from word mapping to neural networks [24], and to re-examine the "natural software" hypothesis [29]. After cleaning and aligning the data, we create a simple maximum likelihood MT model to show that English words in the corpus map to a small number of specific code elements. This model provides a basis for the success of using StackOverflow for search and other tasks in the software engineering literature and paves the way for MT. Our scripts and corpora are publicly available on GitHub [1] as well as at https://search.datacite.org/works/10.5281/zenodo.2558551. keywords: {Task analysis;Cleaning;Standards;Entropy;Software engineering;Software;StackOverflow;Machine Translation;Data cleaning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8816752&isnumber=8816727

Wenheng Liu and V. K. Prasanna, "Utilizing the power of high-performance computing," in IEEE Signal Processing Magazine, vol. 15, no. 5, pp. 85-100, Sept. 1998, doi: 10.1109/79.708542.
Abstract: The main focus of this article is the design of embedded signal processing (ESP) application software. We identify the characteristics of such applications in terms of their computational requirements, data layouts, and latency and throughput constraints. We describe an ESP application, an adaptive sonar beamformer. Then, we briefly survey the state-of-the-art in high performance computing (HPC) technology and address the advantages and challenges in using HPC technology for implementing ESP applications. To describe the software design issues in this context, we define a task model to capture the features of ESP applications. This model specifies the independent activities in each processing stage. We also identify various optimization problems in parallelizing ESP applications. We address the key issues in developing scalable and portable algorithms for ESP applications. We focus on the algorithmic issues in exploiting coarse-grain parallelism. These issues include data layout design and task mapping. We show a task mapping methodology for application software development based on our execution model (Lee et al., 1998). This uses a novel stage partitioning technique to exploit the independent activities in a processing stage. We use our methodology to maximize the throughput of an ESP application for a given platform size. The resulting application software using this methodology is called a software task pipeline. An adaptive sonar beamformer has been implemented using this design methodology.
keywords: {Application software;Electrostatic precipitators;Throughput;Partitioning algorithms;Signal processing algorithms;Signal design;Adaptive signal processing;Delay;Sonar applications;High performance computing},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=708542&isnumber=15352


Y. Yao and Z. Lu, "iNPG: Accelerating Critical Section Access with In-network Packet Generation for NoC Based Many-Cores," 2018 IEEE International Symposium on High Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA), Vienna, 2018, pp. 15-26, doi: 10.1109/HPCA.2018.00012.Abstract: As recently studied, serialized competition overhead for entering critical section is more dominant than critical section execution itself in limiting performance of multi-threaded shared variable applications on NoC-based many-cores. We illustrate that the invalidation-acknowledgement delay for cache coherency between the home node storing the critical section lock and the cores running competing threads is the leading factor to high competition overhead in lock spinning, which is realized in various spin-lock primitives (such as the ticket lock, ABQL, MCS lock, etc.) and the spinning phase of queue spin-lock (QSL) in advanced operating systems. To reduce such high lock coherence overhead, we propose in-network packet generation (iNPG) to turn passive "normal" NoC routers which only transmit packets into active "big" ones that can generate packets. Instead of performing all coherence maintenance at the home node, big routers which are deployed nearer to competing threads can generate packets to perform early invalidation-acknowledgement for failing threads before their requests reach the home node, shortening the protocol round-trip delay and thus significantly reducing competition overhead in various locking primitives. We evaluate iNPG in Gem5 using PARSEC and SPEC OMP2012 programs with five different locking primitives. Compared to a state-of-the-art technique accelerating critical section access, experimental results show that iNPG can effectively reduce lock coherence overhead, expediting critical section access by 1.35x on average and 2.03x at maximum and consequently improving the program Region-of-Interest (ROI) runtime by 7.8% on average and 14.7% at maximum. keywords: {Instruction sets;Spinning;Liquid crystal on silicon;Coherence;Acceleration;Routing protocols;In Network Packet Generation;Critical Section;Synchronisation Primitive;Cache Coherency;Network on Chip;CMP},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8326995&isnumber=8326983

N. Koram and R. Garg, "Review on Mobile App Development: Tools and Techniques," 2023 IEEE World Conference on Applied Intelligence and Computing (AIC), Sonbhadra, India, 2023, pp. 260-266, doi: 10.1109/AIC57670.2023.10263908.Abstract: In today's world, mobile phones play an important role in improving our lives. Various applications for mobile banking, travel ticket booking, and health monitoring are making life easier and more convenient. With the use of mobile phones and their applications, we have entered a digital age where almost everything is available at our fingertips. A major task for mobile app developers is to choose the correct tool for developing apps. There are three basic technologies i.e. Native, Web, and Hybrid for developing mobile apps. The choice of mobile app development tool or technology will depend on the specific needs of the project. Each approach has its strengths and weaknesses, and developers must consider factors such as budget, timeline, and performance requirements when selecting a development approach. The most outstanding performance and user experience are provided by native apps, but their development can be costly and time-consuming. Web applications are the least expensive and easiest to develop, but they may not offer the same level of performance or access to device features as native or hybrid apps. Hybrid apps offer an acceptablecompromise between performance and development costs. In this paper, we mainly focus on different mobile app development tools and techniques e.g. React Native, Flutter, Ionic, Xamarin, and programming languages used e.g. HTML, CSS, and J avaScript along with their applications and limitations. Apart from this, we have also done a comparative analysis of these tools and techniques and programming languages that are beneficial to developers and researchers working in the area of mobile app development. keywords: {Performance evaluation;Computer languages;User interfaces;Programming;Mobile handsets;User experience;Mobile applications;Native apps;web apps;hybrid apps},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10263908&isnumber=10263805

C. Bayliss, J. M. Bennell, C. S. M. Currie, A. Martinez-Sykora and Mee-Chi So, "A Simheuristic approach to the vehicle ferry revenue management problem," 2016 Winter Simulation Conference (WSC), Washington, DC, USA, 2016, pp. 2335-2346, doi: 10.1109/WSC.2016.7822274.Abstract: We propose a Simheuristic approach to the vehicle ferry revenue management problem, where the aim is to maximize the revenue by varying the prices charged to different vehicle types, each occupying a different amount of deck space. Customers arrive and purchase tickets according to their vehicle type and their willingness-to-pay, which varies over time. The optimization problem can be solved using dynamic programming but the possible states in the selling season are the set of all feasible vehicle mixes that fit onto the ferry. This makes the problem intractable as the number of vehicle types increases. We propose a state space reduction, which uses a vehicle ferry loading simulator to map each vehicle mix to a remaining-space state. This reduces the state space of the dynamic program, enabling it to be solved rapidly. We present simulations of the selling season using this reduced state space to validate the method. keywords: {Loading;Space vehicles;Load modeling;Vehicle dynamics;Dynamic programming;Automobiles},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7822274&isnumber=7822058

R. Liu and X. S. Mao, "Resource Oriented Composite Transactions," 2012 IEEE Ninth International Conference on e-Business Engineering, Hangzhou, China, 2012, pp. 271-278, doi: 10.1109/ICEBE.2012.51.Abstract: Composite transaction is a set of two or more related transactions managed in a coordinated logical unit of work. Composite transaction can span multiple data sources or multiple databases. Sometime, we use composite transaction only because we want to split long transactions into short transactions for less lock and more concurrency. In a very large scale distributed system, all of these are valid reasons to use composite transactions. There are different models for composite transaction. Distributed transaction model is widely used in practice since XA specification was released in 1991. However XA specification is notorious for heavy performance cost. To deal with internet scale transaction systems, we have to have some compromised solutions for both performance and consistency considerations. In this paper, we described the methodology and transaction programming model to simplify the system design and provide several guidelines for very large scale distributed transaction systems. We also described the differences between this design model and existing models for composite transaction including distributed transactions (XA 2PC), Sagas and federated transactions. Our design model is practicable and supports true concurrency. It targets at a special type of composite transactions named "Resource Oriented Composite Transaction" (ROCT) which is very common in banking systems, e-commerce systems, airline ticket-sale system, and etc. And our new transaction programming model can be widely used for this type of composite transactions. keywords: {Programming;Business;Distributed databases;Concurrent computing;Real-time systems;Guidelines;composite transaction;distributed transaction;large scale distributed system},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6468250&isnumber=6468209

Fernando Roque, Data Forecasting and Segmentation Using Microsoft Excel: Perform data grouping, linear predictions, and time series machine learning statistics without using code , Packt Publishing, 2022.Abstract: Perform time series forecasts, linear prediction, and data segmentation with no-code Excel machine learningKey FeaturesSegment data, regression predictions, and time series forecasts without writing any codeGroup multiple variables with K-means using Excel plugin without programmingBuild, validate, and predict with a multiple linear regression model and time series forecastsBook DescriptionData Forecasting and Segmentation Using Microsoft Excel guides you through basic statistics to test whether your data can be used to perform regression predictions and time series forecasts. The exercises covered in this book use real-life data from Kaggle, such as demand for seasonal air tickets and credit card fraud detection. You’ll learn how to apply the grouping K-means algorithm, which helps you find segments of your data that are impossible to see with other analyses, such as business intelligence (BI) and pivot analysis. By analyzing groups returned by K-means, you’ll be able to detect outliers that could indicate possible fraud or a bad function in network packets. By the end of this Microsoft Excel book, you’ll be able to use the classification algorithm to group data with different variables. You’ll also be able to train linear and time series models to perform predictions and forecasts based on past data.What you will learnUnderstand why machine learning is important for classifying data segmentationFocus on basic statistics tests for regression variable dependencyTest time series autocorrelation to build a useful forecastUse Excel add-ins to run K-means without programmingAnalyze segment outliers for possible data anomalies and fraudBuild, train, and validate multiple regression models and time series forecastsWho this book is forThis book is for data and business analysts as well as data science professionals. MIS, finance, and auditing professionals working with MS Excel will also find this book beneficial.

M. Barry and G. Horvath, "Prototype Implementation of a Goal-Based Software Health Management Service," 2009 Third IEEE International Conference on Space Mission Challenges for Information Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA, 2009, pp. 117-124, doi: 10.1109/SMC-IT.2009.21.Abstract: The FAILSAFE project is developing concepts and prototype implementations for software health management in mission-critical real-time embedded systems. The project unites features of the industry standard ARINC 653 Avionics Application Software Standard Interface and JPL's Mission Data System (MDS) technology. The ARINC 653 standard establishes requirements for the services provided by partitioned real-time operating systems. The MDS technology provides a state analysis method, canonical architecture, and software framework that facilitates the design and implementation of software-intensive complex systems. We use the MDS technology to provide the health management function for an ARINC 653 application implementation. In particular, we focus on showing how this combination enables reasoning about and recovering from application software problems. Our prototype application software mimics the space shuttle orbiter's abort control sequencer software task, which provides safety-related functions to manage vehicle performance during launch aborts. We turned this task into a goal-based function that, when working in concert with the software health manager, aims to work around software and hardware problems in order to maximize abort performance results. In order to make it a compelling demonstration for current aerospace initiatives, we additionally imposed on our prototype a number of requirements derived from NASA's Constellation Program. Lastly, the ARINC 653 standard imposes a number of requirements on the system integrator for developing the requisite error handler process. Under ARINC 653, the health monitoring (HM) service is invoked by an application calling the application error service or by the operating system or hardware detecting a fault. It is these HM and error process details that we implement with the MDS technology, showing how a state-analytic approach is appropriate for identifying fault determination details, and showing how the framework supports acting upon state estimation and control features in order to achieve safety-related goals. We describe herein the requirements, design, and implementation of our software health manager and the software under control. We provide details of the analysis and design for the phase II prototype, and describe future directions for the remainder of phase II and the new topics we plan to address in phase III. keywords: {Software prototyping;Application software;Software performance;Real time systems;Software standards;Operating systems;Hardware;Prototypes;Embedded software;Project management;Software Health Management;IVHM;MDS;State-based Architecture;State Analysis;ARINC 653;STTR},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5226840&isnumber=5226792

S. R. Samanta, P. K. Mallick and J. Gochhayat, "Impact of Organisational Commitment and Job Satisfaction on Employee Efficiency in Transformational Leadership," 2022 OITS International Conference on Information Technology (OCIT), Bhubaneswar, India, 2022, pp. 335-342, doi: 10.1109/OCIT56763.2022.00070.Abstract: Job satisfaction is one of the most significant indicators of organizational effectiveness. This paper focuses on discussions about the leading variables of transformational leadership and their impact on the ability of mid-career executives to perform their jobs. Human resources are an essential asset in developing and achieving the goals of government organizations. This study analyzes the impact of leadership on employee job satisfaction and observes the impact of corporate culture on employee job satisfaction. The study used primary data from a survey of 245 employees at the Indian Institutions of the Maros Devices' Work Unit as samples. Structural Equation Modeling applications were used to examine the research data (SEM). The proposed method describes the variable features of leadership, job efficiency organizational culture, job satisfaction, and inspiration among workers of the Regional Education Service Maros. The main goal of verification research is to examine the validity of a hypothesis that is executed in the field through data collection. The results of this study suggest that leadership has an impact on employee job satisfaction. The analysis and validation of this case via this work improve the existing idea. The obtained results show that organizational learning and transformational leadership have no substantial effect on employee efficiency, both intrinsically and extrinsically by job satisfaction. Employee efficiency is significantly influenced by job happiness. Because the analytical approach utilized is a structural equation model (SEM), which is based on the concept and theory of the partial least squares (PLS) program package, the findings are accurate. Transformational leadership has a direct and considerable effect on work happiness and corporate engagement, according to the findings of this study. keywords: {Leadership;Scanning electron microscopy;Numerical analysis;Microscopy;Government;Employment;Education;Scanning Electron Microscope;Partial Least Square;Leadership;Job satisfaction;Employees},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10053791&isnumber=10053626

A. Alipour, A. Hindle and E. Stroulia, "A contextual approach towards more accurate duplicate bug report detection," 2013 10th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2013, pp. 183-192, doi: 10.1109/MSR.2013.6624026.Abstract: Bug-tracking and issue-tracking systems tend to be populated with bugs, issues, or tickets written by a wide variety of bug reporters, with different levels of training and knowledge about the system being discussed. Many bug reporters lack the skills, vocabulary, knowledge, or time to efficiently search the issue tracker for similar issues. As a result, issue trackers are often full of duplicate issues and bugs, and bug triaging is time consuming and error prone. Many researchers have approached the bug-deduplication problem using off-the-shelf information-retrieval tools, such as BM25F used by Sun et al. In our work, we extend the state of the art by investigating how contextual information, relying on our prior knowledge of software quality, software architecture, and system-development (LDA) topics, can be exploited to improve bug-deduplication. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our contextual bug-deduplication method on the bug repository of the Android ecosystem. Based on this experience, we conclude that researchers should not ignore the context of software engineering when using IR tools for deduplication. keywords: {Androids;Humanoid robots;Computer bugs;Software;Context;Sun;Accuracy;duplicate bug reports;triaging;textual similarity;contextual information;machine learning;information retrieval;deduplication},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6624026&isnumber=6623991

W. Bian, O. Alam and J. Kienzle, "Automated Grading of Class Diagrams," 2019 ACM/IEEE 22nd International Conference on Model Driven Engineering Languages and Systems Companion (MODELS-C), Munich, Germany, 2019, pp. 700-709, doi: 10.1109/MODELS-C.2019.00106.Abstract: Drawing UML diagrams, such as class diagrams, is an essential learning task in many software engineering courses. In course assignments, students are tasked to draw models that describe scenarios, model requirements, or system designs. The course instructor usually grades the diagrams manually by comparing a student's solution model with a template solution model made by the instructor. However, modelling is not an exact science, and multiple correct solutions or variants may exist. This makes grading UML assignments a cumbersome task, especially when there are many assignments to grade. Therefore, there is a need for an automated grading tool that aids the instructor in the grading process. This paper presents an approach for automated grading of UML class diagrams. We propose a metamodel that establishes mappings between the instructor solution and all the solutions for a class. The approach uses a grading algorithm that uses syntactic, semantic and structural matching to match a student's solutions with the template solution. We evaluate the algorithm on a real assignment for modeling a Flight Ticketing domain model for a class of 20 students and report our findings. keywords: {Computer science;Computational modeling;Unified modeling language;Software algorithms;Semantics;Education;Syntactics;Model driven engineering;System analysis and design;Software engineering;automated grading;class diagrams;model comparison},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8904595&isnumber=8904463

P. Schugerl, J. Rilling and P. Charland, "Mining Bug Repositories--A Quality Assessment," 2008 International Conference on Computational Intelligence for Modelling Control & Automation, Vienna, Austria, 2008, pp. 1105-1110, doi: 10.1109/CIMCA.2008.63.Abstract: The process of evaluating, classifying, and assigning bugs to programmers is a difficult and time consuming task which greatly depends on the quality of the bug report itself. It has been shown that the quality of reports originating from bug trackers or ticketing systems can vary significantly. In this research, we apply information retrieval (IR) and natural language processing (NLP) techniques for mining bug repositories. We focus particularly on measuring the quality of the free form descriptions submitted as part of bug reports used by open source bug trackers. Properties of natural language influencing the report quality are automatically identified and applied as part of a classification task. The results from the automated quality assessment are used to populate and enrich our existing software engineering ontology to support a further analysis of the quality and maturity of bug trackers. keywords: {Quality assessment;Text mining;Software engineering;Information retrieval;Natural language processing;Data mining;Artificial intelligence;Performance analysis;Algorithm design and analysis;Computer science;Bug repositories;ontologies;quality assessment},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5172780&isnumber=5172580

F. Leinen, D. Elsner, A. Pretschner, A. Stahlbauer, M. Sailer and E. Jürgens, "Cost of Flaky Tests in Continuous Integration: An Industrial Case Study," 2024 IEEE Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST), Toronto, ON, Canada, 2024, pp. 329-340, doi: 10.1109/ICST60714.2024.00037.Abstract: Researchers and practitioners alike increasingly often perceive flaky tests as a major challenge in software engineering. They spend a lot of effort trying to detect, repair, and mitigate the negative effects of flaky tests. However, it is yet unclear where and to what extent the costs of flaky tests manifest in industrial Continuous Integration (CI) development processes. In this study, we compile cost factors introduced by flaky tests in CI development from research and practice and derive a cost model that allows gaining insight into the costs incurred. We then instantiate this model in a case study of a large, commercial software project with ~30 developers and ~1M SLoC. We analyze five years of development history, including CI test logs, commits from the Version Control System (VCS), issue tickets, and tracked work time to quantify the cost factors implied by flaky tests. We find that the time spent dealing with flaky tests in the studied project represents at least 2.5% of the productive developer time. This effort is divided into investigating potentially flaky test failures, which accounts for 1.1% of the total time spent, repairing flaky tests adds another 1.3 %, and developing tools to monitor flaky tests adds 0.1 %. Contrary to most other studies, we find the cost for rerunning tests to be negligible and inexpensive. Automatically rerunning a test costs 0.02 cents, while not rerunning and thus letting the pipeline fail results in a manual investigation costing $5.67 in our context. The insights gained from our case study have led to the decision to shift effort from investigation and repair to automatically rerunning tests. Our cost model can help practitioners analyze the cost of flaky tests in their context and make informed decisions. Furthermore, our case study provides a first step to better understand the costs of flaky tests, which can lead researchers to industry-relevant problems. keywords: {Software testing;Analytical models;Costs;Pipelines;Maintenance engineering;Continuous integration;Software;flaky tests;continuous integration;regression testing;cost modeling;industrial case study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10638580&isnumber=10638509

M. Borek, N. Moebius, K. Stenzel and W. Reif, "Model-Driven Development of Secure Service Applications," 2012 35th Annual IEEE Software Engineering Workshop, Heraklion, Greece, 2012, pp. 62-71, doi: 10.1109/SEW.2012.13.Abstract: The development of a secure service application is a difficult task and designed protocols are very error-prone. To develop a secure SOA application, application-independent protocols (e.g. TLS or Web service security protocols) are used. These protocols guarantee standard security properties like integrity or confidentiality but the critical properties are applicationspecific (e.g. “a ticket can not be used twice”). For that, security has to be integrated in the whole development process and application-specific security properties have to be guaranteed. This paper illustrates the modeling of a security-critical service application with UML. The modeling is part of an integrated software engineering approach that encompasses model-driven development. Using the approach, an application based on service-oriented architectures (SOA) is modeled with UML. From this model executable code as well as a formal specification to prove the security of the application is generated automatically. Our approach, called SecureMDD, supports the development of security-critical applications and integrates formal methods to guarantee the security of the system. The modeling guidelines are demonstrated with an online banking example. keywords: {Unified modeling language;Security;Protocols;Object oriented modeling;Web services;Standards;UML;model-driven development;Security;Web Service;code generation;security-critical systems},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6479803&isnumber=6479789

T. R. Silva, J. -L. Hak and M. Winckler, "A Behavior-Based Ontology for Supporting Automated Assessment of Interactive Systems," 2017 IEEE 11th International Conference on Semantic Computing (ICSC), San Diego, CA, USA, 2017, pp. 250-257, doi: 10.1109/ICSC.2017.73.Abstract: Nowadays many software development frameworks implement Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) as a mean of automating the test of interactive systems under construction. Automated testing helps to simulate user's action on the User Interface and therefore check if the system behaves properly and in accordance to Scenarios that describe functional requirements. However, most of tools supporting BDD requires that tests should be written using low-level events and components that only exist when the system is already implemented. As a consequence of such low-level of abstraction, BDD tests can hardly be reused with diverse artifacts and with versions of the system. To address this problem, this paper proposes to raise the abstraction level by the means of a behavior-based ontology that is aimed at supporting test automation. The paper presents an ontology and an ontology-based approach for automating the test of functional requirements of interactive systems. With the help of a case study for the flight tickets e-commerce domain, we demonstrate how tests written using our ontology can be used to assess functional requirements using different artifacts, from low-fidelity to full-fledged UI Prototypes. keywords: {Ontologies;User interfaces;Interactive systems;Testing;Prototypes;Natural languages;Containers;Automated Requirements Assessment;Behavior-Driven Development;Ontological Modeling;Testing of Interactive Systems},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7889535&isnumber=7889486

J. Hu, Y. Li, Z. Xiang, L. Ma, X. Jia and Q. Huang, "LLM4MDG: Leveraging Large Language Model to Construct Microservices Dependency Graph," 2024 IEEE 23rd International Conference on Trust, Security and Privacy in Computing and Communications (TrustCom), Sanya, China, 2024, pp. 859-869, doi: 10.1109/TrustCom63139.2024.00128.Abstract: Microservices architecture has gained popularity in modern software development due to its scalability and flexibility. However, understanding the complexity of interactions and dependencies between services presents significant challenges, which complicates the identification and analysis of errors within microservice applications. To gain insights into the architecture and interdependencies of microservices applications, prior studies have developed dependency graphs to illustrate the relationships among services. However, the methods used to construct these dependency graphs are not suitable for common microservices applications and suffer from insufficient data granularity. To address these shortcomings, we introduce LLM4MDG, an in-novative framework for constructing microservices dependency graphs using an LLM-driven multi-agent system. By leveraging optimized prompt engineering and principles of knowledge graphs, LLM4MDG can effectively identify and interpret service interactions across diverse microservice ecosystems, achieving high accuracy and adaptability across various scenarios. We also present a new open-source dataset comprising 47 microservices applications, annotated by domain experts, to validate our frame-work. Evaluation results demonstrate that LLM4MDG achieves an 88.3% accuracy in identifying data dependencies in the Train Ticket project, a benchmark application with over 80 service instances. This study provides a robust solution for constructing dependency graphs and facilitating better system understanding and management. keywords: {Accuracy;Large language models;Scalability;Microservice architectures;Computer architecture;Knowledge graphs;Prompt engineering;Security;Software development management;Multi-agent systems;Microservice Architecture;Large Language Model;Prompt Engineering;Data Dependencies;Knowledge Graph},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10944943&isnumber=10944786

P. L. Fonseca, B. Lima and J. P. Faria, "Streamlining Acceptance Test Generation for Mobile Applications Through Large Language Models: An Industrial Case Study," 2025 40th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE), Seoul, Korea, Republic of, 2025, pp. 3311-3321, doi: 10.1109/ASE63991.2025.00273.Abstract: Mobile acceptance testing remains a bottleneck in modern software development, particularly for cross-platform mobile development using frameworks like Flutter. While developers increasingly rely on automated testing tools, creating and maintaining acceptance test artifacts still demands significant manual effort. To help tackle this issue, we introduce AToMIC, an automated framework leveraging specialized Large Language Models to generate Gherkin scenarios, Page Objects, and executable UI test scripts directly from requirements (JIRA tickets) and recent code changes. Applied to BMW’s MyBMW app, covering 13 real-world issues in a 170+ screen codebase, AToMIC produced executable test artifacts in under five minutes per feature on standard hardware. The generated artifacts were of high quality: 93.3% of Gherkin scenarios were syntactically correct upon generation, 78.8% of PageObjects ran without manual edits, and 100% of generated UI tests executed successfully. In a survey, all practitioners reported time savings (often a full developer-day per feature) and strong confidence in adopting the approach. These results confirm AToMIC as a scalable, practical solution for streamlining acceptance test creation and maintenance in industrial mobile projects. keywords: {Surveys;Large language models;Manuals;Mobile applications;Maintenance;Test pattern generators;Standards;Testing;Software engineering;Software development management;Acceptance Testing;Large Language Models;Mobile Applications;Flutter;Test Case Generation;Cross-Platform Development;Gherkin;Test Automation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11334650&isnumber=11334198

B. K. Maganti and S. Chintakindi, "Maximizing Roi Through Ai Adoption in Software Performance Engineering and Testing," SoutheastCon 2026, Huntsville, AL, USA, 2026, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/SoutheastCon63549.2026.11476179.Abstract: In the rapidly evolving landscape of software development, performance engineering and testing play a pivotal role in ensuring system reliability, scalability, and user satisfaction. This paper explores the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enhance various aspects of Software Performance Engineering and Testing (SPET), with a focus on maximizing Return on Investment (ROI). We examine AI's applications in workload design for load simulation, script development, preemptive issue detection, and predictive analytics for production teams, as well as infrastructure optimization. Drawing from a comprehensive case study of an airline ticketing website involving tools like Splunk for log analysis, JMeter for scripting, and AWS for cloud infrastructure, we demonstrate how AI-driven approaches reduce costs, accelerate processes, and improve outcomes. Through a comprehensive analysis, we show that AI adoption can yield ROI improvements of up to $\mathbf{4 2 \%}$ by minimizing manual efforts and preventing downtime. Our findings are supported by empirical data and suggest a paradigm shift toward proactive, intelligent performance management. keywords: {Feeds;Central Processing Unit;MIMICs;Millimeter wave integrated circuits;Monolithic integrated circuits;Electronic circuits;Product development;Crowdsourcing;Protocols;HTTP;AI in Performance Testing;Load Simulation;Virtual Scripts;Predictive Analytics;Infrastructure Optimization;ROI Maximization;Splunk;JMeter;AWS},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11476179&isnumber=11475919

H. Gu, L. Zhao and C. Shu, "Analysis of duplicate issue reports for issue tracking system," The 3rd International Conference on Data Mining and Intelligent Information Technology Applications, Macao, China, 2011, pp. 86-91.Abstract: Issue tracking is a core part of the software development process. For open source projects, the number of duplicate reports represents a significant percentage of the repository, numbering in the thousands of reports for popular projects. In this paper, we introduce an approach to suggest potential duplicate issue reports to the issue reporter who is submitting a new report. We have evaluated the accuracy of our approach analytically against the Firefox, Eclipse platform, Apache and Mylyn projects, achieving a range of 66%-100% recall rate on reports from the four projects issue repositories. The recall rates are similar to others reported but we remove restrictions or constraints on previous approaches. With the promising recall rate, we are looking at the possibility to integrating this approach with commercial issue tracking software and ticketing systems. The initial implementation shows that its use reduces the duplicate issue reports and therefore improves the efficiency to process the unique and important issues. keywords: {Fires;Computer bugs;Tin;Software;Accuracy;Programming;IEEE Potentials;Issue Tracking;Data Preprocessing;Classification},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6108404&isnumber=6108386

S. Palaniappan and G. Kacheru, "VIBE Project Management: An Autonomous AI-Driven Framework for Intelligent Agile Project Orchestration," 2026 IEEE International Conference on Emerging Computing and Intelligent Technologies (ICoECIT), Hyderabad, India, 2026, pp. 1-10, doi: 10.1109/ICoECIT68303.2026.11497335.Abstract: Traditional agile project management methodologies rely heavily on manual coordination, human intervention, and reactive problem-solving approaches. This paper introduces VIBE (Virtual Intelligence-Based Execution) Project Management, a novel paradigm that leverages artificial intelligence to autonomously orchestrate the complete agile project lifecycle. Drawing inspiration from the emerging concept of "vibe coding" in software development, VIBE Project Management transforms tickets and user stories from static data artifacts into dynamic entities within an intelligent ecosystem. We present Writlix, a production implementation of this framework, which demonstrates autonomous requirement capture through conversational interfaces, intelligent task assignment based on real-time capacity analysis, proactive escalation management, and adaptive monitoring systems. Our approach reduces manual project management overhead by approximately 60-75%, while maintaining adherence to established agile principles including INVEST criteria and Gherkin-format acceptance criteria. This paper details the architectural foundations, intelligent agent subsystems, and practical deployment considerations of VIBE Project Management, positioning it as a transformative approach for organizations seeking to optimize their agile workflows through intelligent automation. keywords: {Feedback;Circuits;System-on-chip;Application specific integrated circuits;Electronic mail;Internet telephony;Protocols;Internet;HTTP;Routing;Artificial Intelligence;Project Management;Agile Methodology;Intelligent Agents;Workflow Automation;Natural Language Processing;Capacity Planning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11497335&isnumber=11496654

W. Wang, Z. Hidvegi, A. D. Bailey and A. B. Whinston, "E-process design and assurance using model checking," in Computer, vol. 33, no. 10, pp. 48-53, Oct. 2000, doi: 10.1109/2.876292.
Abstract: Trust in e-commerce is difficult to establish and maintain. Almost daily, news headlines cover some incident, causing users to question e-commerce systems' trustworthiness. Strong e-process design and implementation is the first line of defense against errors, fraud and hacking. Minimizing program faults in business operations is critical for an e-business's survival. Carefully designed and implemented code can handle most expected situations, so these e-processes often function well within their defined boundaries, but guaranteeing correct processing under all circumstances is extremely difficult, if not impossible. Hidden flaws and errors, triggered only under unexpected, hard-to-anticipate scenarios, lead to subtle mistakes and even catastrophic failures. The authors use an online ticket sales example to illustrate the potential of model checking (an advanced formal method) for economically finding certain flaws. Model checking is a powerful verification method that determines whether a system model satisfies certain specifications under all circumstances. It can locate subtle but critical flaws that conventional design and assurance methods, such as testing and simulation, often miss.
keywords: {Automata;Power system modeling;Testing;Logic;Safety;Internet;Power system reliability;Marketing and sales;Computer crime;Uncertainty},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=876292&isnumber=18966


H. Fakhrurroja, D. Pramesti, A. R. Hidayatullah, A. A. Fashihullisan, H. Bangkit and N. Ismail, "Automated License Plate Detection and Recognition using YOLOv8 and OCR With Tello Drone Camera," 2023 International Conference on Computer, Control, Informatics and its Applications (IC3INA), Bandung, Indonesia, 2023, pp. 206-211, doi: 10.1109/IC3INA60834.2023.10285750.Abstract: This paper proposes an Automated License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system using YOLOv8 and Optical Character Recognition (OCR). This system is developed with the Python programming language and uses the OpenCV library for image processing and Pytesseract library as an OCR engine. The camera used to detect vehicle license plates is a DJI Tello Drone camera. The purpose of this research is to implement an electronic ticketing system for vehicles that violate traffic rules. The ALPR system consists of several stages. First, YOLOv8 is used to detect the vehicle license plate in the image captured by the DJI Tello Drone camera. YOLOv8 is an object detection method that is efficient and accurate in recognizing various objects, including vehicle license plates. Once the vehicle license plate is detected, the license plate image will be processed using the OpenCV library to improve image quality and facilitate the character recognition process. Furthermore, the system will use OCR, specifically the Pytesseract library, to recognize the characters on the vehicle number plate. From 50 photo samples, the success rate for license plate detection is 100%, and character recognition is 66%. The proposed ALPR system not only achieves high accuracy rates, but it is also efficient, versatile, cost-effective, and scalable. Because of these benefits, it is a useful contribution to the field of ALPR and traffic management systems, with the potential for future developments and broader applications. keywords: {Thresholding (Imaging);Shape;Process control;Cameras;Libraries;Character recognition;License plate recognition;ALPR;YOLOv8;OCR;Detection;Recognition},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10285750&isnumber=10285730

