P. S. Kochhar, S. Swierc, T. Carnahan, H. Sajnani and M. Nagappan, "Poster: Understanding the Role of Reporting in Work Item Tracking Systems for Software Development: An Industrial Case Study," 2018 IEEE/ACM 40th International Conference on Software Engineering: Companion (ICSE-Companion), Gothenburg, Sweden, 2018, pp. 133-134.Abstract: Work item tracking systems such as Visual Studio Team Services, JIRA, and GitHub issue tracker are widely used by software engineers. They help in managing different kinds of deliverables (e.g. features, user stories, bugs), plan sprints, distribute tasks across the team and prioritize the work. While these tools provide reporting capabilities there has been little research into the role these reports play in the overall software development process. In this study, we conduct an empirical investigation on the usage of Analytics Service - a reporting service provided by Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) to build dashboards and reports out of their work item tracking data. In particular, we want to understand why and how users interact with Analytics Service and what are the outcomes and business decisions taken by stakeholders from reports built using Analytics Service. We perform semi-structured interviews and survey with users of Analytics Service to understand usage and challenges. Our report on qualitative and quantitative analysis can help organizations and engineers building similar tools or services. keywords: {Software;Computer bugs;Visualization;Interviews;Task analysis;Tools;Stakeholders;case study;work item tracking;analysis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8449466&isnumber=8449404

B. Kumar, U. K. Tiwari and D. C. Dobhal, "Classification of NFR based Importance Level of User Story in Agile Software Development," 2023 9th International Conference on Signal Processing and Communication (ICSC), NOIDA, India, 2023, pp. 264-268, doi: 10.1109/ICSC60394.2023.10441284.Abstract: The fact that requirement engineering creates effective technology and prevents system failure is very important in the early phases of software development. The final implementation criteria and the selection of many alternative models both heavily depend on non-functional requirements. The term "non-functional requirements" (NFR) refers to a group of qualities that software must possess, such as security, dependability, performance, etc. Extracting and considering NFR from user stories in Agile Software Development (ASD) can help developers deliver quality software that meets the expectations of users completely. This paper proposed the classification of NFR based importance level of user story in ASD using machine learning models. At the beginning of this work, requirement converted into user stories, then the weight of NFR type and importance level of each user story calculated and classified using machine learning models. The outcome of this work shows that random forest classifier and XGBoost are achieved the best results with an accuracy of 96.39% and decision tree classifier accuracy is 96.13%, with comparisons of K-nearest neighbor, linear discriminant analysis, support vector classifier, logistic regression, and naïve bayes. keywords: {Agile software development;Signal processing;Software;Vectors;Security;Requirements engineering;Random forests;User Story;Non-Functional Requirement;Random Forest Classifier;Decision Tree;XGBoost;Accuracy},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10441284&isnumber=10440724

P. Thanomwong and T. Senivongse, "User Story Risk Prioritization Model for Agile Software Development," 2022 International Conference on Data and Software Engineering (ICoDSE), Denpasar, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 161-166, doi: 10.1109/ICoDSE56892.2022.9972041.Abstract: User stories capture software requirements for an agile software project. One of the problems that cause project failure is that the project does not consider risks that result from low-quality user stories from the beginning and hence does not prepare for such risks. That causes an impact on both software development and project management. This paper presents a user story risk prioritization model to raise the project awareness on user story risks and risk prioritization for better responses to the risks. The model describes 10 user story risks and 2 main criteria for risk prioritization, i.e. impact of occurrence that consists of 10 subcriteria and probability of occurrence that consists of 1 subcriterion. The model has been evaluated by members of agile teams who have experiences in agile software development. To prioritize user story risks, the model can be used with other methods, such as the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) or weighted scoring method, to rank the user story risks by the criteria and determine priorities of the risks. In this research, the AHP has been applied with the proposed model to prioritize user story risks of an agile software project. The experiment shows that the risk prioritization results from the model are consistent with the actual risk situation of the experimental project. The proposed model therefore can be used as a supporting tool for risk management in an agile software project. keywords: {Analytical models;Agile software development;Project management;Organizations;Analytic hierarchy process;Software;Risk management;user story;risk identification;risk prioritization;agile software development;analytic hierarchy process},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9972041&isnumber=9971812

B. Kumar, U. Tiwari and D. C. Dobhal, "User Story Splitting in Agile Software Development using Machine Learning Approach," 2022 Seventh International Conference on Parallel, Distributed and Grid Computing (PDGC), Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India, 2022, pp. 167-171, doi: 10.1109/PDGC56933.2022.10053226.Abstract: User story forms the requirements for agile software development in textual format. The user story should be in the proper template so that developers can implement it easily. The quality of the user story should also be maintained semantically. As semantics gives meaningful artifacts about the customer requirements. User stories can be written easily, if there is complexity then need attention to make it easy. As user story splitting techniques are available to split various user stories. In this paper, we proposed a user story-splitting technique in agile software development using a machine learning approach. Data entry and CRUD-based user story-splitting techniques are used to split the complex user story. Also, user story distribution uses some machine learning approaches such as K-medoids and Kmeans clustering based on similarity measures. To measure the performance of the approach, silhouette value is calculated which shows the cohesion between user stories. As result shows that K-means gives the value 0.114 for cluster size 15 whereas, K-medoids gives 0.068 value. K-means is far better than K-medoids clustering. This approach reduces the software development time of requirements and improves performance as well. keywords: {Semantics;Agile software development;Machine learning;Grid computing;Software;Complexity theory;Business;K-medoids;K-means;Splitting;Silhouette Value;Similarity measure},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10053226&isnumber=10053091

N. Ataby, N. Ibrahim, M. Seyam and M. Abu-Elkheir, "Generative AI for User Story Writing and Refinement in Software Engineering Courses," 2026 IEEE Global Engineering Education Conference (EDUCON), Cairo, Egypt, 2026, pp. 1-10, doi: 10.1109/EDUCON67543.2026.11574430.Abstract: The growing incorporation of Generative AI (GenAI) tools into software engineering has increased interest in their potential to improve Requirements Engineering (RE), a critical phase prone to costly errors caused by inadequate requirements definition. Learning to define accurate, high-quality requirements and corresponding user stories is especially crucial for novice software engineering students. This paper proposes an approach to incorporate and evaluate the impact of GenAI assistance on user story writing and refinement within a software engineering course where students engineer requirements for the first time. We investigate how GenAI assistance affects the accuracy, efficiency, and quality of the requirements engineering process. The approach involves an experimental study comparing GenAI-assisted methods with traditional student-centered practices, focusing on how GenAI tools support novice engineers through structured prompting techniques to improve user story quality. A quantitative comparison is conducted through two workflows: human-first with AI refinement and AI-first with human refinement. The research explores whether AI should generate ideas independently or support human ideas in requirements engineering, and how beginner students can be guided to write effective prompts that improve the usefulness of AI-generated stories. Results show that GenAI assistance can enhance the completeness, clarity, correctness, and consistency of software requirements when effective prompting strategies are employed, though some variability was observed. The findings suggest that integrating GenAI into the RE learning process with human oversight can reduce rework and improve project outcomes. This work provides practical recommendations for GenAI integration in software engineering education and identifies directions for further research in AI-driven Requirements Engineering. keywords: {Artificial intelligence;Tools;Modeling;Writing;Manuals;Requirements engineering;Printing;Refining;Software;Chatbots;Generative AI;software engineering education;user story writing;Requirements Engineering;AI evaluation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11574430&isnumber=11574049

B. Kumar, U. K. Tiwari, D. C. Dobhal and H. S. Negi, "User Story Clustering using K-Means Algorithm in Agile Requirement Engineering," 2022 International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Sustainable Engineering Solutions (CISES), Greater Noida, India, 2022, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/CISES54857.2022.9844390.Abstract: In Agile software development user story plays an important role. User story is the concept of requirement engineering that manages requirements in the form of text as software requirement specification maintained in traditional development models. Proper format is used to write the user story which is easily understandable. The impact of poor user story design may lead to modifications in later phases of development. It also places negative impression on the customer, project and development team as well. Therefore the analysis of these user stories is necessary before they are assigned to the development team. In this paper we propose an approach of user story clustering using k-means algorithm to analyze these user stories. Through this approach similar user stories are clustered on the basis of similarity measures. Our experimental results show that as the value of k increases the quality of resulting cluster improves. To generate balanced clusters our approach uses tf-idf which is comparatively better than count vectorizer. This approach reduces the implementation time of requirements and hence the overall development life cycle of the software. To illustrate our approach we use a case study considering various user stories. keywords: {Software algorithms;Clustering algorithms;Agile software development;Software;Tokenization;Time measurement;Requirements engineering;K-means Algorithm;User Story;Silhouette Coefficient;Agile Requirement Engineering;Text Clustering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9844390&isnumber=9844270

Sarwosri, U. L. Yuhana and S. Rochimah, "Identification of Conflicts in User Story Requirements Using The Clustering Algorithm," 2022 International Conference on Computer Engineering, Network, and Intelligent Multimedia (CENIM), Surabaya, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/CENIM56801.2022.10037416.Abstract: In a software development life cycle, a critical phase that must be an important concern is the phase of exploring user requirement. In Agile Software Development, user requirements are written in a user story. User stories are written in Natural Language Processing with the format “As I, I want to, So that. There can be conflicts between user story. Grouping user stories will make it easier and faster for software developers to evaluate potentially conflicting or conflicting user stories. The steps are taken starting from preprocessing for syntax checking. These attributes are well formed, atomic, minimal, and unique. The clustering algorithm chosen Single Linkage, and K means. From 31 sentences of user stories passed syntax 115. User stories pass this syntax are then clustered. The results of the evaluation of these two algorithms using the best silhouette values were obtained for single linkage 6 clusters, and k means 6 clusters. keywords: {Couplings;Software algorithms;Semantics;Clustering algorithms;Agile software development;Manuals;Syntactics;User Story;Agile development;Inconsistency;Conflict Free;Single Linkage;K means},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10037416&isnumber=10037249

V. Ramasamy, S. Ramamoorthy, G. S. Walia, E. Kulpinski and A. Antreassian, "Enhancing User Story Generation in Agile Software Development Through Open AI and Prompt Engineering," 2024 IEEE Frontiers in Education Conference (FIE), Washington, DC, USA, 2024, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/FIE61694.2024.10893343.Abstract: This innovative practice full paper explores the use of AI technologies in user story generation. With the emergence of agile software development, generating comprehensive user stories that capture all necessary functionalities and perspectives has become crucial for software development. Every computing program in the United States requires a semester-or year-long senior capstone project, which requires student teams to gather and document technical requirements. Effective user story generation is crucial for successfully implementing software projects. However, user stories written in natural language can be prone to inherent defects such as incompleteness and incorrectness, which may creep in during the downstream development activities like software designs, construction, and testing. One of the challenges faced by software engineering educators is to teach students how to elicit and document requirements, which serve as a blueprint for software development. Advanced AI technologies have increased the popularity of large language models (LLMs) trained on large multimodal datasets. Therefore, utilizing LLM-based techniques can assist educators in helping students discover aspects of user stories that may have been overlooked or missed during the manual analysis of requirements from various stakeholders. The main goal of this research study is to investigate the potential application of OpenAI techniques in software development courses at two academic institutions to enhance software design and development processes, aiming to improve innovation and efficiency in team project-based educational settings. The data used for the study constitute student teams generating user stories by traditional methods (control) vs. student teams using OpenAI agents (treatment) such as gpt-4-turbo for generating user stories. The overarching research questions include: RQ-l) What aspects of user stories generated using OpenAI prompt engineering differ significantly from those generated using the traditional method? RQ-2) Can the prompt engineering data provide insights into the efficacy of the questions/prompts that affect the quality and comprehensiveness of user stories created by software development teams? Industry experts evaluated the user stories created and analyzed how prompt engineering affects the overall effectiveness and innovation of user story creation, which provided guidelines for incorporating AI-driven approaches into software development practices. Overall, this research seeks to contribute to the growing body of knowledge on the application of AI in software engineering education, specifically in user story generation. Investigating the use of AI technologies in user story generation could further enhance the usability of prompt engineering in agile software development environments. We plan to expand the study to investigate the long-term effects of prompt engineering on all phases of software development. keywords: {Technical requirements;Technological innovation;Agile software development;Collaboration;Software;Prompt engineering;Stakeholders;Usability;Software engineering;Testing;Collaboration network;complex network analysis;structured collaboration network},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10893343&isnumber=10892810

L. Buglione and A. Abran, "Improving the User Story Agile Technique Using the INVEST Criteria," 2013 Joint Conference of the 23rd International Workshop on Software Measurement and the 8th International Conference on Software Process and Product Measurement, Ankara, Turkey, 2013, pp. 49-53, doi: 10.1109/IWSM-Mensura.2013.18.Abstract: Although the Agile Software Development (ADS) approach has been around for the last 15 years, it is only recently that attention has moved towards Agile Software Management (ASM) for tackling some of the management-related weaknesses, such as estimating on the basis of User Story points. This paper presents an application of the INVEST criteria (Independent - Negotiable - Valuable - Estimable - Small -Testable) for improving the measurement technique of User Stories, introducing sizing units and a technique to negotiate requirements. It includes a discussion on an approach to balancing the six criteria used to evaluate a set of User Stories in a Sprint. keywords: {Software;Size measurement;Estimation;Software measurement;Context;ISO standards;Information technology;Estimation;Requirements;INVEST;Agile;User Story;Story Points},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6693222&isnumber=6693201

V. C. Banta and D. Cojocaru, "Development Center Tool a software application for change request management," 2013 17th International Conference on System Theory, Control and Computing (ICSTCC), Sinaia, Romania, 2013, pp. 42-47, doi: 10.1109/ICSTCC.2013.6688933.Abstract: The paper deals with a software Enterprise Resource Planning type application concerning the DCT (Development Center Tool). The application consists of a development center and transport management, inside in a large Oil and Gas Company. The software application has been developed using an SAP (System and Applications, Products) environment. The programing language employs ABAP (Advanced Business Application Programming). Details regarding the analysis, implementation and testing of the software application are presented. keywords: {Companies;Software;Standards;Planning;Databases;Programming;firm resource planning;advanced business application;databases;change request management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6688933&isnumber=6688927

Shaochun Xu and V. Rajlich, "Pair Programming in Graduate Software Engineering Course Projects," Proceedings Frontiers in Education 35th Annual Conference, Indianopolis, IN, USA, 2005, pp. F1G-F1G, doi: 10.1109/FIE.2005.1612027.Abstract: Pair programming has been used in undergraduate classes in order to develop student skills and to enhance student learning. Experiments with such an approach have demonstrated positive effects. This paper investigates the effects of pair programming in the graduate software engineering class by conducting a case study with six students who were assigned to work on incremental changes on an open source application either as pairs or as individuals. The results of the case study showed that paired students completed their change request tasks faster and with higher quality than individuals. They also wrote less lines of code and used more meaningful variable names. Pair programming could be an effective and useful approach for graduate software engineering classes. keywords: {Software engineering;Programming profession;Computer science;Software maintenance;Collaborative software;Application software;Computer science education;Educational programs;Organizing;Software prototyping;Individual Programming;Graduate Class;Pair Programming;Software Engineering Education},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1612027&isnumber=33854

K. M. Hany, G. I. Salama and A. Salem, "A Two-Phase NLP-Driven Deep Learning Framework for Automated Software Requirements Classification and User Story Generation in Agile Development," 2025 International Conference on Machine Intelligence and Smart Innovation (ICMISI), Alexandria, Egypt, 2025, pp. 177-182, doi: 10.1109/ICMISI65108.2025.11115771.Abstract: This research proposes a novel two-phase Natural Language Processing-driven deep learning framework for the automation of software requirement classification and the generation of actionable user stories from functional requirements. The framework tackles some of the critical challenges in the requirements engineering process, which would help minimize human errors, increase efficiency, and smooth the Agile Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). It contains two core models: a classification model and a user story generation model. It relies on the PURE annotated dataset and implements three methods: FastText, Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), and a BERT-based (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) model. The fine-tuned BERT model performed best, with F1-scores of 0.92 for Functional Requirements (F) and 0.64 for Non-Functional Requirements (NFR), settling the effectiveness of the model on automated classification tasks. The user story generation model, built on top of the T5 (Text-to-Text Transfer Transformer), showed excellent results in transforming functional requirements into coherent and contextually aligned user stories. For instance, the functional requirement “The system must allow users to reset their password via email” was transformed into the user story with 89% alignment to the acceptance criteria. During training, the model showed a stable improvement in performance: training loss decreased from 10.12 to 0.22, and validation loss dropped from 0.68 to 0.21, which shows good learning and generalization capabilities. The results prove that the model is able to generate user stories with high relevance and accuracy; hence, it is strongly applicable to real-world software development processes. This research provides a more robust AI-driven solution to the classification of requirements and generation of user stories and contributes much to enhancing the automation and efficiency of software engineering practices. keywords: {Deep learning;Training;Automation;Bidirectional control;Transformers;Software;Natural language processing;Encoding;Requirements engineering;Long short term memory;Automated Requirements Classification;User Story Generation;Natural Language Processing (NLP);Deep Learning Framework;BERT Model;Agile Software Development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11115771&isnumber=11115170

Y. Wautelet, S. Heng, M. Kolp, I. Mirbel and S. Poelmans, "Building a rationale diagram for evaluating user story sets," 2016 IEEE Tenth International Conference on Research Challenges in Information Science (RCIS), Grenoble, France, 2016, pp. 1-12, doi: 10.1109/RCIS.2016.7549299.Abstract: Requirements representation in agile methods is often done on the basis of User Stories (US) which are short sentences relating a WHO, WHAT and (possibly) WHY dimension. They are by nature very operational and simple to understand thus very efficient. Previous research allowed to build a unified model for US templates associating semantics to a set of keywords based on templates collected over the web and scientific literature. Since the semantic associated to these keywords is mostly issued of the i* framework we overview in this paper how to build a custom rationale diagram on the basis of a US set tagged using that unified template. The rationale diagram is strictly speaking not an i* strategic rationale diagram but uses parts of its constructs and visual notation to build various trees of relating US elements in a single project. Indeed, the benefits of editing such a rationale diagram is to identify depending US, identifying EPIC ones and group them around common Themes. The paper shows the feasibility of building the rationale diagram, then points to the use of these consistent sets of US for iteration content planning. To ensure the US set and the rationale diagram constitute a consistent and not concurrent whole, an integrated Computer-Aided Software Engineering (CASE) tool supports the approach. keywords: {Semantics;Visualization;Concrete;Electronic mail;Computer aided software engineering;User Story;User Story Template;Rationale Diagram;Agile Requirements Modeling;eXtreme Programming;SCRUM},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7549299&isnumber=7549273

M. M. Elmasry, L. A. Zaid and H. A. Hassan, "State of the Art in Automated Agile User Story Prioritization - Methods, Challenges, and Research Gaps," 2025 Twelfth International Conference on Intelligent Computing and Information Systems (ICICIS), Cairo, Egypt, 2025, pp. 659-666, doi: 10.1109/ICICIS66182.2025.11313140.Abstract: User story prioritization has become increasingly critical due to the growing number of user stories in large-scale software systems. Traditional prioritization techniques are often subjective and time-consuming, necessitating more efficient automated approaches. However, there is still a lack of comprehensive reviews dedicated to automated user story prioritization techniques. This paper presents a systematic review of user story prioritization methods within agile software development, with a particular focus on AI-driven approaches. A structured search was conducted across academic databases, including IEEE Xplore and Google Scholar, using terms such as “user story prioritization,” “agile” and “machine learning.” From approximately 140 initial results, 31 studies were included after applying strict relevance and quality criteria. This review critically analyzes these studies, highlighting the strengths and weaknesses of key methodologies. It also identifies common trends and unresolved challenges, particularly in managing diverse requirements, dependency handling, and stakeholder alignment. By mapping the current research landscape, the study reveals significant gaps that limit the development of more adaptive and explainable prioritization approaches. The findings aim to guide future research toward smarter frameworks capable of addressing the complexities of modern agile environments. keywords: {Surveys;Systematics;Agile software development;Machine learning;Benchmark testing;Complexity theory;Stakeholders;Standards;Business;Systematic literature review;Agile software development;user story prioritization;machine learning;dependencies;NLP;systematic survey;research gaps},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11313140&isnumber=11313098

P. Rodeghero, S. Jiang, A. Armaly and C. McMillan, "Detecting User Story Information in Developer-Client Conversations to Generate Extractive Summaries," 2017 IEEE/ACM 39th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), Buenos Aires, Argentina, 2017, pp. 49-59, doi: 10.1109/ICSE.2017.13.Abstract: User stories are descriptions of functionality that a software user needs. They play an important role in determining which software requirements and bug fixes should be handled and in what order. Developers elicit user stories through meetings with customers. But user story elicitation is complex, and involves many passes to accommodate shifting and unclear customer needs. The result is that developers must take detailed notes during meetings or risk missing important information. Ideally, developers would be freed of the need to take notes themselves, and instead speak naturally with their customers. This paper is a step towards that ideal. We present a technique for automatically extracting information relevant to user stories from recorded conversations between customers and developers. We perform a qualitative study to demonstrate that user story information exists in these conversations in a sufficient quantity to extract automatically. From this, we found that roughly 10.2% of these conversations contained user story information. Then, we test our technique in a quantitative study to determine the degree to which our technique can extract user story information. In our experiment, our process obtained about 70.8% precision and 18.3% recall on the information. keywords: {Data mining;Software;Computer bugs;Electronic mail;Software algorithms;Software engineering;Algorithm design and analysis;developer communication;user story generation;software engineering;productivity;transcripts},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7985649&isnumber=7985634

I. W. Syahputri and E. K. Budiardjo, "Estimation Trend in Agile Software Development," 2024 Ninth International Conference on Informatics and Computing (ICIC), Medan, Indonesia, 2024, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICIC64337.2024.10957090.Abstract: Estimating software development in Agile often creates more anguish than meaning. The disparity between actuality and estimation has compelled the development team to re-design various strategies, models, and methodologies for estimating software projects. Previous research have discovered techniques for estimation in Agile, including Planning Poker and Expert Judgment. The estimation addressed is confined solely to the realms of effort estimation and cost estimation. Indeed, Agile encompasses multiple cycles that can be estimated. Prior studies merely identified procedures and data suitable for estimation, without evaluating those that demonstrate significant effectiveness when utilized collaboratively. The application of appropriate approaches and data will dictate the efficacy of estimation within Agile Software Development. This article seeks to explore probable estimating trends in Agile Software Development in recent years. A review will be conducted on the selection of appropriate procedures and data for each estimation trend. This study employed a systematic literature review for analysis and reporting. The evaluation results indicate that the predominant trend in Agile estimating is user story estimation, accounting for $\mathbf{5 6 \%}$. This method is more effective when employing deep learning and machine learning with user story data, as opposed to use planning poker or case studies. This paper summarizes further estimates alongside suitable methodology and data. keywords: {Deep learning;Costs;Estimation;Agile software development;Computer architecture;Market research;Software;Planning;Informatics;Systematic literature review;agile estimation;agile development;user story estimation;systematic literature review;estimation technique},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10957090&isnumber=10956176

S. Lotfi and K. Nafil, "Automated Assessment and Enhancement of User Story Quality Using Large Language Models in Agile Development," 2025 International Conference on Intelligent Systems: Theories and Applications (SITA), Rabat, Morocco, 2025, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/SITA67914.2025.11273616.Abstract: Low-quality user stories in agile software development often lead to misunderstandings, delays, and costly rework. This paper presents a dual agent framework that leverages large language models (LLMs) to automatically assess and refine user story quality, guided by the INVEST and Quality User Story (QUS) criteria. The first agent emulates a Product Owner (PO), evaluating dimensions such as clarity and testability. The second agent acts as a Quality Analyst (QA), rewriting stories to improve their quality while preserving intent. We evaluated our approach on a curated dataset of 42 real-world user stories, showing that LLMs can reliably detect quality issues and produce significantly enhanced versions. By improving backlog quality and reducing manual review effort, our framework supports agile early-phase development processes. keywords: {Reviews;Large language models;Agile software development;Manuals;Throughput;Delays;Requirements engineering;Reliability;Prompt engineering;Intelligent systems;Agile software development;user story quality;large language models;requirements engineering;prompt engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11273616&isnumber=11273192

C. Treude and M. -A. Storey, "Work Item Tagging: Communicating Concerns in Collaborative Software Development," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 38, no. 1, pp. 19-34, Jan.-Feb. 2012, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2010.91.
Abstract: In collaborative software development projects, work items are used as a mechanism to coordinate tasks and track shared development work. In this paper, we explore how “tagging,” a lightweight social computing mechanism, is used to communicate matters of concern in the management of development tasks. We present the results from two empirical studies over 36 and 12 months, respectively, on how tagging has been adopted and what role it plays in the development processes of several professional development projects with more than 1,000 developers in total. Our research shows that the tagging mechanism was eagerly adopted by the teams, and that it has become a significant part of many informal processes. Different kinds of tags are used by various stakeholders to categorize and organize work items. The tags are used to support finding of tasks, articulation work, and information exchange. Implicit and explicit mechanisms have evolved to manage the tag vocabulary. Our findings indicate that lightweight informal tool support, prevalent in the social computing domain, may play an important role in improving team-based software development practices.
keywords: {Tagging;Programming;Collaboration;Software engineering;Data mining;Tagging;collaboration;software development;task management;articulation work;work items.},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5611552&isnumber=6141067


M. J. Rees, "A feasible user story tool for agile software development?," Ninth Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, 2002., Gold Coast, QLD, Australia, 2002, pp. 22-30, doi: 10.1109/APSEC.2002.1182972.Abstract: User stories form the heart of the Extreme Programming methodology planning game. In its turn, Extreme Programming is one of the supporting pillars of the wider agile software development process. The user stories form a set of central work products that determine the software development processes. In the spirit of Extreme Programming the production of user stories is kept as simple as possible. Traditionally, user stories are hand written on index cards as they are easy to store, display, rearrange and distribute to the co-located development team. However, virtually all other work products of an application development team are in electronic format, and agile software development is increasingly being adopted by teams working from remote locations. In these circumstances distributed development teams look to software solutions for creating and using user stories. This paper surveys some of the tools that are being used and examines their suitability for the task using a set of requirements. As a result of this investigation the author has produced a prototype user story software tool for Agile Software Development called DotStories. The paper concludes by discussing the features of DotStories and its how closely it can approach the ideal user story software tool. Indeed, the proposition that software tools can ever improve on index cards is considered in the light of experience to date. keywords: {Programming;Production;Software tools;Application software;Information technology;Bonding;Heart;Technology planning;Displays;Team working},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1182972&isnumber=26540

N. H. Borhan, H. Zulzalil, S. Hassan and N. M. Ali, "A Hybrid Prioritization Approach by integrating non-Functional and Functional User Stories in Agile-Scrum Software Development (i-USPA):A preliminary study," 2022 IEEE International Conference on Computing (ICOCO), Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia, 2022, pp. 276-282, doi: 10.1109/ICOCO56118.2022.10031863.Abstract: Due to its significance in the creation of software projects, the Agile-Scrum methodology has only lately become well-known in the field of software development. The Scrum technique, which is a process that gradually, iteratively, and continuously provides software based on time boxes, is another study that supports agile practitioners’ recent shift towards this method (sprints). It consists of user stories that are delivered during sprints by a Scrum team made up of team members, a Scrum Master, and a Product Owner. User stories are kept in product backlogs. The integrated needs prioritization methodologies have been created by a small number of scholars. However, the majority of the research is on non-agile software development. The prioritization of both functional and nonfunctional user stories simultaneously during Agile-Scrum Software Development (ASSD) is one of the main gaps that has been ignored by all of these methodologies, according to the literature review conducted by the researchers. The purpose of this study is to outline a research plan for creating an integrated user story prioritizing approach that combines non-functional and functional user stories of the ASSD (i-USPA). The preliminary findings demonstrate the critical importance of understanding the significance of non-functional user stories or requirements during the early stages of software development using the agile methodology, particularly in ASSD, in order to produce high-quality software while staying within budget and time constraints. The data was acquired from a small group of experts or software practitioners who use Agile, particularly the Scrum technique, in their organizations. keywords: {Automation;Electric breakdown;Bibliographies;Prototypes;Organizations;Software;Time factors;requirement prioritization;functional user story;non-functional user story;requirements;Agile-scrum method Introduction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10031863&isnumber=10031273

Z. Stojanov, D. Dobrilovic and B. Perisic, "An approach in modifying submission phase of change request process," 2008 6th International Symposium on Intelligent Systems and Informatics, Subotica, Serbia, 2008, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/SISY.2008.4664923.Abstract: Software systems change during the whole life cycle. Support for changes that origin in development process is provided by wide range of tools and techniques. Changes that appear during the software maintenance phase usually are driven by customers. These changes, specified as change requests, are usually submitted via developers’ web site. After initial specification and submission these change requests pass the phases of standard change process that is integrated into software development process. Change requests specification should provide enough information for all phases of change request process. Support for change request specification is typically realized at developer side. In this paper is presented an approach in specifying change request in context of running application at customer side. This approach introduces modification of initial phase of standard change request process with aim to provide detailed specification of change request closely related to architecture of software. keywords: {Software maintenance;Programming;Software tools;Application software;Software development management;Capability maturity model;Software standards;Computer architecture;Process control;Computer network management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4664923&isnumber=4664892

C. A. Dos Santos, K. Bouchard and F. Petrillo, "AI-Driven User Story Generation," 2024 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Computer, Data Sciences and Applications (ACDSA), Victoria, Seychelles, 2024, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ACDSA59508.2024.10467677.Abstract: User stories are pivotal in the realm of agile software development, primarily due to their organized structure and the simplicity with which they can be executed. Nevertheless, development teams encounter the arduous task of dealing with the assortment of information expected from diverse sources to manually write user stories. This undertaking not only consumes a significant amount of time but is also susceptible to inaccuracies. We automatically generated user stories relying on two distinct approaches: N-gram representation with linguistic heuristics and the GPT-3 model. We evaluated our work by using diverse user stories corpora and calculating the metrics BLEU, ROUGE-N, and BERTScore for each set of user stories generated by both approaches. For the N-gram approach we achieved an average: ROUGE-N=0.39, BLEU=0.26, BERTScore=0.73; and for GPT-3 model: ROUGE-N=0.46, BLEU=0.27 and BERTScore=0.69. We concluded that, although GPT models excel in producing more comprehensive user stories, N-gram models exhibit a higher level of semantic sensitivity. Considering its simplicity and minimal processing requirements, we recommend employing the N-gram technique for user story generation. keywords: {Training;Adaptation models;Sensitivity;Computational modeling;Semantics;Syntactics;Data models;user story;text generation;large language model;n-gram;software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10467677&isnumber=10467211

Esha Khanna; Rashmi Popli; Naresh Chauhan, "Classification of Risk Factors in Distributed Agile Software Development Based on User Story," in Agile Software Development: Trends, Challenges and Applications , Wiley, 2023, pp.273-290, doi: 10.1002/9781119896838.ch14.Abstract: Summary Distributed Agile Software Development (DASD) is the most frequently used software development life cycle model in the software industry. DASD is a blend of Distributed Software Development (DSD) and Agile Software Development (ASD). Although DASD integrates the speed and cost benefits of ASD and DSD, however, it brings along various risk factors that arise due to the contrary working principles of ASD and DSD. These associated risks must be addressed and resolved in time for the success of the project. This chapter presents the importance of software risk management in DASD. The chapter reviews the existing literature and presents risk factors associated with DASD. The chapter further presents the current challenges in the existing literature and proposes a novel user story based DASD risk classification technique. This technique will help the practitioners to tag the risks associated with the type of user story. The work presents the scope of improvement in DASD risk management that will help both practitioners and researchers. keywords: {Risk management;Software;Agile software development;Costs;Registers;Monitoring;Systematic literature review;Stakeholders;Risk mitigation;Object recognition},

S. N. Fathin Najwa Binti Mustaffa, J. B. Sallim and R. Binti Mohamed, "Enhancing High-Quality User Stories with AQUSA: An Overview Study of Data Cleaning Process," 2021 International Conference on Software Engineering & Computer Systems and 4th International Conference on Computational Science and Information Management (ICSECS-ICOCSIM), Pekan, Malaysia, 2021, pp. 295-300, doi: 10.1109/ICSECS52883.2021.00060.Abstract: Agile software development has ended up profoundly prevalent over the final two decades. In conjunction with the increment of these methodology, amount of scientific research on this topic has also increased. This research concentrates on one component from Agile software development which is User Stories (US). In a recent paper, quality framework for User Stories was proposed together with a tool implementing which is still minimal finding to achieve high quality of user story document. It is closely related to the data requirement as part of the success factor in development project. The main goal is to analyze US requirement written and identification of potential errors in datasets that bring the effectiveness in forecasting the quality of User Stories for monitoring purpose. One of the steps require to identify the quality User Stories is by the route passing through data cleaning process. The research analysis considers performing data cleaning and pre-processing towards existing dataset of user story requirement from open-source agile software projects. Results of analyzing the User Stories will reveal the possibility step of data cleaning as initial step to extend the AQUSA tools and forecast the quality of User Stories. Thus, it can be related to the requirements quality based on the number of issues report in the dataset where highest number of issues report can be categorized as poor requirement statement. keywords: {Scientific computing;Agile software development;Tools;Cleaning;Information management;Delays;Forecasting;User Story;Agile Software Development;Data Cleaning;Quality User Story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9537069&isnumber=9536969

A. A. Khan, S. Basri, P. D. D. Dominic and Fazal-e-Amin, "A process model for Requirements Change Management in collocated software development," 2012 IEEE Symposium on E-Learning, E-Management and E-Services, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 2012, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/IS3e.2012.6414949.Abstract: Requirements Change Management (RCM) could occur at any phase of the software development life cycle. Therefore, RCM is considered to be a difficult task in software development organizations. The purpose of this study is to propose a model for RCM that will be implemented in collocated software development organizations. The model is based on the data collected from different RCM reports, models, research papers and different case studies related to RCM. The model has seven core stages, i.e., change request, validate, reject, batch, implement, verify and update. Propose model will eliminate the limitations of the available RCM models. keywords: {Organizations;Spirals;Data mining;Educational institutions;Software systems;Planning;Model;Requirements Change Management;Process;Collocated Software Development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6414949&isnumber=6414938

H. Iqbal, "Notice of Violation of IEEE Publication Principles: Mobile Application Development: Automated Test Input Generation Via Model Inference based on User Story and Acceptance Criteria," 2019 International Conference on Digitization (ICD), Sharjah, United Arab Emirates, 2019, pp. 92-103, doi: 10.1109/ICD47981.2019.9105761.Abstract: In the past few years, there has been observed explosive growth in the development of Mobile Applications across Android and iOS operating system which has led to the direct impact towards mobile app development. In order to design and propose quality-oriented apps, it is the primary responsibility of the developers to devote time and sufficient efforts towards testing to make the Apps bug free and operational in the hands of end users without any hiccup. In order to test the mobile apps, manual testing procedures takes prolonged amount of time in writing test cases and even the full testing requirements are not met. In addition to this, lack of sufficient knowledge by the tester also impacts overall quality and assurance that app is bug free. To overcome all the issues of testing, and to assure that apps designed by developers are almost bug free, we propose a new testing methodology cum tool “AgileUATM” which works primarily towards white-box and black-box testing. With this tool, all the test cases are generated automatically based on user stories and acceptance criteria by using formal specification and Z3 SMT solvers. To test the validity of the proposed tool, we applied the tool in real-time operational environment with regard to test Mobile apps. Using this tool, all the acceptance criteria is determined via user stories. The testers/developers specify requirements with formal specifications based on programs properties, predicates, invariants, and constraints. From the results, it is observed that the proposed tool i.e. AgileUATM generated effective and accurate test cases, test input, and expected output was generated in a unified fashion from the user stories to meet acceptance criteria. In addition to this, the tool also reduced the development time to identify test data as compared to manual Behavior Driven Development (BDD) methodologies. With this tool, the developers got better idea with regard to required tests and able to translate the customers natural languages to the computer language as well.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9105761&isnumber=9105660

P. S. Kochhar, S. Swierc, T. Carnahan, H. Sajnani and M. Nagappan, "Understanding the Role of Reporting in Work Item Tracking Systems for Software Development: An Industrial Case Study," 2018 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution (ICSME), Madrid, Spain, 2018, pp. 605-614, doi: 10.1109/ICSME.2018.00070.Abstract: Work item tracking systems such as Visual Studio Team Services, JIRA, BugZilla and GitHub issue tracker are widely used by software engineers. These systems are used to track work items such as features, user stories, bugs, plan sprints, distribute tasks across the team and prioritize the team's work. Such systems can help teams track the progress and manage the shipping of software. While these tracking systems give data about different work items in tabular format, using a reporting tool on top of them can help teams visualize the data related to their projects such as how many bugs are open and closed and which work items are assigned to a team member. While tools like Visual Studio and JIRA provide reporting services, it is important to understand how users leverage them in their projects to help improve the reporting services. In this study, we conduct an empirical investigation on the usage of Analytics Service - a reporting service provided by Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) to build dashboards and reports out of their work item tracking data. In particular, we want to understand why and how users interact with Analytics Service and what are the outcomes and business decisions taken by stakeholders from reports built using Analytics Service. We perform semi-structured interviews and survey with users of Analytics Service to understand usage and challenges. Our report on qualitative and quantitative analysis can help organizations and engineers building similar tools or services. keywords: {Interviews;Software;Tools;Visualization;Computer bugs;Task analysis;Software engineering;Analytics Service;VSTS;Microsoft;Industrial Study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8530073&isnumber=8529823

A. Brockenbrough and D. Salinas, "Using Generative AI to Create User Stories in the Software Engineering Classroom," 2024 36th International Conference on Software Engineering Education and Training (CSEE&T), Würzburg, Germany, 2024, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/CSEET62301.2024.10662994.Abstract: A user story is used in agile methodology to describe functionality that is valuable to the user and may include criteria to determine if the developer has completed the story. This study investigates undergraduate computer science students using ChatGPT to create user stories from user feedback. The study compares aspects of the user stories created by students using ChatGPT with those not using ChatGPT. Are user stories written by students with AI assistance of higher or lower quality? How does the time spent writing the user story change with the use of ChatGPT? We evaluate student user stories using a modified INVEST story rating system. Evaluated user story properties include structure, independence, value, testability, and grammar. The results show that ChatGPT-assisted students produce higher-quality user stories than unassisted students. However, using ChatGPT to write user stories does not guarantee high quality. ChatGPT can fail to recognize dependencies between user feedback and create structurally incorrect user stories. We see a need for students to be trained in effectively using this tool by carefully examining AI-assisted output and making revisions. keywords: {Computer science;Generative AI;Chatbots;Grammar;Software engineering;user stories;ChatGPT;GPT-Generative AI;INVEST;software engineering education;LLM},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10662994&isnumber=10662983

I. K. Raharjana, D. Siahaan and C. Fatichah, "User Story Extraction from Online News for Software Requirements Elicitation: A Conceptual Model," 2019 16th International Joint Conference on Computer Science and Software Engineering (JCSSE), Chonburi, Thailand, 2019, pp. 342-347, doi: 10.1109/JCSSE.2019.8864199.Abstract: To specify good requirements, system analysts need to understand the domain knowledge of the system. There are several techniques in requirements elicitation to improve domain knowledge understanding, such as user interviews, questioners, document analysis, and brainstorming. Most of these techniques require profound stakeholder involvement. However, not all software projects can do this task due to limited time or availability of stakeholders. In agile software development, the user story is the de facto standard used for capturing and writing functional requirements. The user story is an appropriate format and easy to understand for writing the results of requirements elicitation. This study purposes a conceptual model to extract user story from online news for improving domain knowledge understanding. The information in the online news contained lesson learned related to certain events. This information may improve the functionality of the software products. The user story consists of three aspects, namely: who, what, and why. Aspect of who represents the role or user, aspect of what shows the purpose or feature, while the aspect of why explains the reason. This format can summarize the lessons learned in the news. Our experimental results indicate that this conceptual model can extract user story from online news. The model manages to extract 105 user stories from 92 aspects of what/why candidate and 109 aspects of who candidate. keywords: {Software;Stakeholders;Feature extraction;Task analysis;Tagging;Agile software development;Earthquakes;agile software development;information retrieval;natural language processing;software requirements;requirements elicitation;user stories},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8864199&isnumber=8864149

T. Wang, C. Li, C. Wang, T. Li and Y. Zhai, "A Deep Learning-Based Method for Identifying User Story Semantic Conflicts," 2023 IEEE 23rd International Conference on Software Quality, Reliability, and Security Companion (QRS-C), Chiang Mai, Thailand, 2023, pp. 220-229, doi: 10.1109/QRS-C60940.2023.00063.Abstract: User stories are a common way of expressing requirements in agile software development. Generally, user stories are written by customers or users in their roles to describe their needs for the to-be system. Since user stories are written by different stakeholders and are refined and modified as agile software versions evolve, there may be conflicts between different user stories. There are many conflicts in user stories, such as duplication and inconsistency between each other. Some of the inconsistencies in user stories are the use of negative words, antonyms, or inconsistencies in the description logic of user story behavior. We call these inconsistencies semantic conflicts. These semantic conflicts make it difficult for agile development teams to understand requirements and make development plans. This paper summarizes two types of semantic conflicts and proposes a deep learn-based approach to identify semantic conflicts between user stories. Through the evaluation of the user story dataset on 9060, the experimental results show that our model has a 95.25% precision, 90.11 % recall and 92.18% F1-Score. Using this automated semantic conflict identification method will help agile team quickly find semantic conflicts between user stories and improve the quality of agile requirements development. keywords: {Learning systems;Semantics;Agile software development;Software quality;Software reliability;Stakeholders;Security;User story;semantic conflict;deep learning;requirements conflict identification},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10430017&isnumber=10429825

S. Mulyana and Aszani, "Automatic Extraction of User Story Elements: NLP-Based Approach," 2025 International Conference on Advanced Machine Learning and Data Science (AMLDS), Tokyo, Japan, 2025, pp. 624-629, doi: 10.1109/AMLDS63918.2025.11159359.Abstract: This study explores the application of Named Entity Recognition to identify user story elements in Indonesian-language texts extracted from software development articles. Two NLP models, tok2vec and transformer, were trained and evaluated on a manually annotated dataset of fifty documents. The transformer model achieved higher validation accuracy, ranging from 75 to 100 percent, while the tok2vec model showed a higher number of detected entities but lower accuracy, with an average of 62.29 percent. This work is limited by several factors, including the small dataset size, lack of domain diversity, absence of baseline comparisons, and the user of a single annotator with inter-annotator agreement. Despite these constrains, the results provide preliminary insights into how NER models can support automated extraction of user story elements in Indonesian software documentation. These findings may assist future efforts to enhance NLP tools for agile requirements analysis in low-resource languages. keywords: {Accuracy;Named entity recognition;Machine learning;Transformers;Software reliability;Multilingual;Labeling;Standards;Software development management;Context modeling;Natural Language Processing;Named-Entity Recognition;Tok2vec;Transformer;User story extraction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11159359&isnumber=11159331

B. Kumar, D. C. Dobhal, S. C. Dimri, I. S. Rajput and A. Jahan, "Analyzing User Story Quality and Sprint Velocity in Agile Projects Using NLP and Topic Modeling," 2025 2nd International Conference on Advanced Computing and Emerging Technologies (ACET), Ghaziabad, India, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ACET67282.2025.11430311.Abstract: As the requirements are written in the format of user story template for Scrum methodology in Agile Software Development (ASD). The quality of user stories is to be checked before going to implement by the Agile team. The unstructured and ambiguous user stories may lead to the Agile team performance down that delay the Agile project deadline. To improve the structure and semantic of user stories some more enhanced methodology can be introduced. This study investigates the relationship between user story quality and sprint velocity using Natural Language Processing (NLP), topic modelling, and unsupervised machine learning. Each story was labelled as either good or poor quality, with 92.4 % identified as good and 7.6 % as poor-quality. Description length and readability metrics were used to guide this labelling. Using KMeans clustering, stories were grouped into four optimized clusters to discover semantic cohesion. Additionally, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) was applied to extract key themes and topics from the user stories. LDA identified five dominant topics, with the highest semantic density (0.723) observed in Customer Access and Recovery, indicating tightly focused vocabulary, and the lowest (0.303) in Project Tracking and Feedback, suggesting greater variability. The velocity analysis shows that good-quality user stories tend to occur in sprints with higher velocity, typically in the range of $25-50$ story points, whereas poor-quality stories are more common in lower-velocity sprints. This supports the hypothesis that welldefined, detailed user stories enhance Agile team productivity and sprint outcomes. The findings emphasize the need for structured, semantically rich user stories and demonstrate how automated NLP-based methods can support story quality assessment and Agile project planning. keywords: {Productivity;Vocabulary;Semantics;Machine learning;Readability metrics;Natural language processing;Planning;Quality assessment;Resource management;Scrum (Software development);K-Means clustering;LDA;User story;Highest semantic density;Dominant topics;Sprint velocity},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11430311&isnumber=11430183

A. M. E. Hamid, "Software Change Request: A Road Map for Implementation," 2018 International Conference on Computer, Control, Electrical, and Electronics Engineering (ICCCEEE), Khartoum, Sudan, 2018, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICCCEEE.2018.8515787.Abstract: Most of software development time is consumed in software evolution and maintenance so as to respond to the growing business needs and to fix the newly discovered bugs. In this paper an approach for software change request implementation is examined. Then a road map is developed to accelerate planning, analysis and decision making process a matter that reduces the implementation effort in terms of time and quality. keywords: {Software;Testing;Business;Maintenance engineering;Computer architecture;Computer bugs;Roads;Software evolution;Software maintenance;Driving attributes;Driven attributes},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8515787&isnumber=8515758

J. Lin, H. Yu, Z. Shen and C. Miao, "Using goal net to model user stories in agile software development," 15th IEEE/ACIS International Conference on Software Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Parallel/Distributed Computing (SNPD), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 2014, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/SNPD.2014.6888731.Abstract: Agile methodologies use user stories to capture software requirements. This often results in team members over emphasizing their understanding of the goals, without proper incorporation of goals from other stakeholders or customers. Existing UML or other goal oriented modeling methods tend to be overly complex for non-technical stakeholders to properly express their goals and communicate them to the agile team. In this paper, we propose a light weight Goal Net based method to model goal requirements in agile software development process to address this problem. It can be used to decompose complex processes into phased goals, and model low level user stories to high level hierarchy goal structures. Our preliminary analysis and studies in educational software engineering contexts show that it can improve agile team's group awareness to project goals and, thus, improve team productivity and artifact quality. The proposed approach was evaluated in university level agile software engineering projects. It has achieved an improvement of over 50 percentage points in terms of the proportion of high quality user stories generated by students compared to the standard user story template used in Scrum, keywords: {Mobile handsets;Software;Unified modeling language;Variable speed drives;Educational institutions;Software engineering;Mobile communication;Agile Software Development;Goal Net;Software Engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6888731&isnumber=6888665

F. A. M. Domínguez, M. A. Quintana, R. R. P. Cinco, G. Borrego and S. González-López, "User Story Automation in Software Engineering: Insights from the Literature," 2024 12th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), Puerto Escondido, Mexico, 2024, pp. 279-286, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT63288.2024.00044.Abstract: User stories are widely regarded as an effective method for articulating software requirements, especially within agile development. However, the brevity often encouraged in user stories can lead to a lack of detail, resulting in miscommunication and inefficiencies during development. A significant challenge is the manual extraction of user stories from unstructured text, which is labor-intensive and prone to errors. Automated extraction using Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning offers a promising solution. These technologies can identify and extract user roles, actions, and benefits from unstructured text, reducing the reliance on manual intervention and ensuring consistent quality. We conducted a literature review spanning the past 20 years, from 2004 to 2024, on which we identified 77 relevant articles, with only 10 focusing on the extraction of user stories using NLP techniques. These studies emphasize the need for automation in user story extraction to improve the efficiency and accuracy of requirements gathering. The findings highlight a gap in current research regarding automated extraction methods and the importance of addressing this through advanced NLP techniques. Implementing such solutions can transform the handling of user stories, making the requirements elicitation process more efficient and less error-prone, ultimately contributing to the success of agile software development projects. keywords: {Technological innovation;Automation;Bibliographies;Focusing;Manuals;Transforms;Machine learning;Natural language processing;Software;Software engineering;user stories;acceptance criteria;agile devel-opment;automated extraction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10795539&isnumber=10795511

A. R. Amna and G. Poels, "Systematic Literature Mapping of User Story Research," in IEEE Access, vol. 10, pp. 51723-51746, 2022, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3173745.
Abstract: User stories are a widely used artifact in Agile software development. Currently, only a limited number of secondary studies have reviewed the research on the user story technique. These research reviews focused on specific research topics related to ambiguity of requirements, effort estimation, and the application of Natural Language Processing. To our knowledge, a systematic mapping of all user story research has not been performed. To this end, we study the academic literature to investigate what user stories research has been performed, what types of problems have been identified, what sort of solutions or other types of research outcomes have been achieved, how mature the research is, and what research gaps exist. We followed Systematic Mapping Study guidelines to synthesize the currently available academic research on user stories. In total, we found 186 unique peer-reviewed studies, published in the period 2001-2021. We observed that research on the user story technique and its use had grown exponentially over the last seven years. Further, using a five-dimensional classification framework– requirements engineering activity, problem class, outcome class, type of research, type of publication– we observed several patterns in the classification of these studies across the different framework dimensions, which provided insights into the state-of-the-art and maturity of the research. We also identified four research gaps: the paucity of focused literature reviews; a lack of research on the role that user stories play in human cognition and interaction; a lack of comprehensive and mature solutions for resolving ambiguity issues with user stories early in the project; and a lack of validation and evaluation of proposed solutions. Several research opportunities are suggested, making our paper a useful reference for future research on user stories allowing researchers to clearly position their contributions.
keywords: {Systematics;Bibliographies;Natural language processing;Stakeholders;Requirements engineering;Software quality;Agile software development;Requirements engineering;agile software development;user stories;systematic literature mapping},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9771182&isnumber=9668973


S. Sathsarani, Y. Sandun, R. Rusith, S. Himaranga, S. Kumari and N. H. P. R. Supunya Swarnakantha, "Agile User Story Builder: Transform Real-Time User Requirement Conversations into Well-Structured Agile User Stories," 2025 7th International Conference on Advancements in Computing (ICAC), Colombo, Sri Lanka, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICAC69156.2025.11361440.Abstract: Agile software development methodologies rely heavily on well-structured user stories to bridge technical and business requirements. However, the traditional manual process of converting stakeholder conversations into structured user stories presents significant challenges including transcription errors, communication ambiguity, and inefficient processing. This research presents an automated Agile User Story Builder system that transforms requirement conversations into well-structured user stories. The system integrates cloud speech recognition, Natural Language Processing (NLP), machine learning, and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) for automated requirement processing within a microservices architecture. The system was developed using synthesized audio from 1,247 SRS documents (achieving 88% transcription accuracy) and validated on 75 real stakeholder conversations. Real-world validation demonstrates $78\%$ speech-to-text accuracy ($95\%$ CI: 74-82%), 82% task classification precision, 73% reduction in manual documentation effort, and 86% format compliance in generated stories. The system achieves 20% timeline and 62% budget prediction improvement while providing measurable benefits including enhanced collaboration and streamlined Agile workflow efficiency. keywords: {Training;Accuracy;Retrieval augmented generation;Collaboration;Oral communication;Manuals;Transforms;Natural language processing;Stakeholders;Speech to text;Agile Project Management;Machine Learning;Natural Language Processing;Requirements Engineering;User Story Generation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11361440&isnumber=11361419

A. Saini, L. Ahuja and S. K. Khatri, "Effort Estimation of Agile Development using Fuzzy Logic," 2018 7th International Conference on Reliability, Infocom Technologies and Optimization (Trends and Future Directions) (ICRITO), Noida, India, 2018, pp. 779-783, doi: 10.1109/ICRITO.2018.8748381.Abstract: Effort Estimation is one of the most important factors for a successful project. Mostly it is done in the starting of the project life cycle. The vital activity in Agile project organization is a prediction of Software development this is because a project that is available in the beginning is not sufficient and moreover it is not clear because of the confliction. Getting accurate Effort Estimation for any software project has been a challenge always. In this paper fuzzy logic model is used to find Effort Estimation of Agile software development. In this model Fuzzy method is used to take the raw data of actual figures and output is given as the estimated effort available from industry. This way is more suitable when data is not available for analyzing by orthodox method. Basic idea is taken from Human where action and Inaction are not obvious, they are not clear. In this paper we will use three input variable to calculate Efforts estimation i.e User soty, Team Expertise and Complexity. In this manner, it is quite difficult to discover goals in more exact and clear simple way. keywords: {Estimation;Software;Fuzzy logic;Agile software development;Mathematical model;Complexity theory;Matlab;User story;Effort Estimation;Agile Software Development;Fuzzy logic},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8748381&isnumber=8748266

M. Talanov, A. Krekhov and A. Makhmutov, "Automating programming via concept mining, probabilistic reasoning over semantic knowledge base of SE domain," 2010 6th Central and Eastern European Software Engineering Conference (CEE-SECR), Moscow, 2010, pp. 30-35, doi: 10.1109/CEE-SECR.2010.5783147.Abstract: Software engineering is at the very start of it's automation. There are a lot of helpers, code-generators, IDE-s and so on that does not really help to automate the complete software development life-circle from Functional requirements specification till the actual code. We explore the idea to generate the actual software solution using standard Functional requirements specification, change request or bug-report in three main modules: linguistic, perceiving and solution generation with heavily used knowledge base in OWL (web ontology language). keywords: {Prototypes;Knowledge based systems;Computer architecture;Software;Electronic mail;Humans;Ontologies;artificial intelligence;intelligent engineering;programming automation;source code generation;self-learning system},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5783147&isnumber=5783142

A. Khusnutdinova, K. Evdokimova, V. Istomina, A. Kruglov and G. Succi, "Exploring and Analyzing Insights for Software Process Improvement," 2022 IEEE 13th International Conference on Software Engineering and Service Science (ICSESS), Beijing, China, 2022, pp. 59-66, doi: 10.1109/ICSESS54813.2022.9930206.Abstract: The goal of this research project was to apply the ideas from Gregory Bateson’s book “Steps To An Ecology Of Mind” to the software development process. In our work, we focused on three fundamental aspects: a) the process to follow, b) the product being built, c) the structure of the team and its organization. While reading the book, we identified the general concepts of the human brain work and drew parallels between the situations described in the book and the conditions that people face during software development. We conducted an anonymous survey among software developers and made sure that many selected ideas could be used to improve the software development process. keywords: {Industries;Correlation;Psychology;Software;Ecology;Reliability;Forecasting;Software engineering;Human behavior;Software development process;Team;Agile;Scrum;Sprint;User story;Code review},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9930206&isnumber=9930145

"5 Optimizing Agile Software Development Process: A Focus on User Story Splitting Techniques," in Computational Intelligence , River Publishers, 2026, pp.99-120.Abstract: This book presents key computational intelligence approaches applied across diverse areas of computer science, demonstrating their effectiveness in solving real-world problems. It highlights how nature-inspired methods are shaping the future of intelligent systems and offering powerful, efficient, and elegant solutions to complex challenges. Computational intelligence (CI) extends far beyond the optimization of complex computations. It provides robust, generic, and adaptable mechanisms for addressing challenging problems across science and technology where traditional mathematical reasoning encounters uncertainty, nonlinearity, and complexity. In computer science, CI strongly influences algorithm design, system architectures, and optimization schemes. Unlike classical artificial intelligence, which is largely rule- and logic-based, computational intelligence relies on nature-inspired methodologies that model learning, adaptation, and evolution. Traditionally, CI has been built upon three foundational paradigms: Neural networks, fuzzy systems, and evolutionary computation. Neural networks emulate the structure and learning behavior of the human brain; fuzzy systems incorporate linguistic reasoning to manage uncertainty and imprecise data; and evolutionary computation draws inspiration from biological evolution, incorporating mechanisms such as selection, mutation, and reproduction. Today, CI has expanded to include machine learning methods, swarm intelligence, support vector machines, and chaotic systems. These techniques enable faster, more accurate, and less complex decision-making across a wide range of computational problems.

M. Nayebi, S. J. Kabeer, G. Ruhe, C. Carlson and F. Chew, "Hybrid Labels Are the New Measure!," in IEEE Software, vol. 35, no. 1, pp. 54-57, January/February 2018, doi: 10.1109/MS.2017.4541048.
Abstract: Developing minimum viable products (MVPs) is critical for start-up companies to hit the market fast with an accepted level of performance. The US Food and Drug Administration mandates additional nonfunctional requirements in healthcare systems, meaning that the MVP should provide the best availability, privacy, and security. This critical demand is motivating companies to further rely on analytics to optimize the development process. In a collaborative project with Brightsquid, the authors provided a decision-support system based on analogical reasoning to assist in effort estimation, scoping, and assignment of change requests. This experience report proposes a new metric, change request labels, for better prediction. Using different methods for textual-similarity analysis, the authors found that the combination of machine-learning techniques with experts’ manually added labels has the highest prediction accuracy. Better prediction of change impacts allows a company to optimize its resources and provide proper timing of releases to target MVPs. This article is part of a special issue on Actionable Analytics for Software Engineering.
keywords: {Software engineering;Software development;Medical services;Digital systems;Resource management;software analytics;digital health;digital care;change impact analysis;software engineering;software development},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8239937&isnumber=8239922


Y. Li, H. Shibata and Y. Takama, "Chatbot-mediated Personal Daily Context Modeling upon User Story Graph," 2019 International Conference on Technologies and Applications of Artiﬁcial Intelligence (TAAI), Kaohsiung, Taiwan, 2019, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/TAAI48200.2019.8959867.Abstract: This paper proposes a computer-understandable presentation as user story graph and a method for obtaining users' daily context using a conversational interface. Lean Manufacturing, originally designed for minimizing storage costs and increasing productivity, has been successfully adopted in software development and brought up the popularity of Agile Development in the last couple of decades. In addition to software development, it has extended to development in personal and professional life management, such as Personal Kanban and bunch of TODO-like applications. However, most practices and experiences shared are currently still within original methodology and tools from manufacturing or project development, where adaptation to the personal application has not yet been enough.This paper employs the user story model from requirements engineering to represent personal daily context. The proposed system is designed based on a conversational interface, which maps occurrences from personal daily context into a user story graph extended for describing personal daily context. This paper describes a mechanism of constructing user story graph through a chatbot and illustrates how to use the obtained graph to assist individual task management through a couple of scenarios. keywords: {Task analysis;Software;Requirements engineering;Cognition;Planning;Context modeling;Tools;User stories;Requirements engineering;Conceptual modeling;Conversational user interfaces;Intelligent agent interaction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8959867&isnumber=8959820

X. Liu, X. Sun, B. Li and J. Zhu, "PFN: A novel program feature network for program comprehension," 2014 IEEE/ACIS 13th International Conference on Computer and Information Science (ICIS), Taiyuan, China, 2014, pp. 349-354, doi: 10.1109/ICIS.2014.6912158.Abstract: Program comprehension is one of the most frequently performed activities during software maintenance and evolution. In order to facilitate program comprehension, a variety of graphical models have been proposed in software engineering community to construct relationships between program elements. These graphical models are mostly used for understanding the system based on structural syntax dependencies between program elements. However, these graphical models fail to extract the functional or semantic features of the system. Thus, developers still cannot effectively identify the functional part in source code fit for their needs. This paper tries to fill this gap, and proposes a novel representation, program feature network (PFN), to identify the semantic features of the program at class level. PFN is generated based on the relational topic model, a hierarchical probabilistic model of networks. Based on PFN, the semantic features and the links between pairs of two classes in the program can be clearly shown. In addition, PFN can predict the possible links between the newly change request in existing program feature network rather than reconstructing the representation from the start. keywords: {Object oriented modeling;Semantics;Graphical models;Syntactics;Graphics;Software systems},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6912158&isnumber=6912089

L. Cerulo, "On the Use of Process Trails to Understand Software Development," 2006 13th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Benevento, Italy, 2006, pp. 303-304, doi: 10.1109/WCRE.2006.40.Abstract: Software repositories, such as version control systems (CVS) and bug-tracking systems (Bugzilla), provide useful information about software process trails left by developers during the evolution of a software project. Mining these repositories provides a way to understand software development, to support predictions about software development, and to plan various aspects of software projects. We introduce three cases in the areas of impact analysis, change request assignment, and crosscutting concern mining, that takes benefit from historical information and show that the combination of different type of analyses can improve the performance of these software engineering models keywords: {Programming;Performance analysis;Information analysis;Software systems;Control systems;Software engineering;Software tools;Documentation;Software performance;Information resources},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4024004&isnumber=4023960

N. Saher, F. Baharom and O. Ghazali, "Requirement change taxonomy and categorization in agile software development," 2017 6th International Conference on Electrical Engineering and Informatics (ICEEI), Langkawi, Malaysia, 2017, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICEEI.2017.8312441.Abstract: Due to the rapid growth in software engineering technology and with advancements of agile methodology, software requirement change management is essentially concerned. Requirements are continuously changed in Agile Software Development (ASD) and need a careful change management method. Continuously change and poorly defined requirements may result in a requirement to become harmful that are both extremely risky and damaging, for the software project in ASD. In order to understand the issue, this paper reviewed several published research papers and identify the requirement change taxonomy. The main objective of this paper is to create requirement change taxonomy and further categorize the requirement change element on the basis of reason and origin of change, for a better understanding of change request. Change categorization will be referred to propose a model of requirement change management in ASD. Moreover, managing change request during requirement change management improves the chance of developing ASD project successfully by minimizing the risks associated with it. keywords: {Taxonomy;Software;Business;Uncertainty;Predictive models;Agile software development;Sustainable development;Agile Software Development;Requirement Change Taxonomy;Requirement Change Categorization;Sustainable Development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8312441&isnumber=8312333

M. Ormsby and C. Busby-Earle, "A Standardized Procedure to Conceptualizing and Completing User Stories," 2017 International Conference on Computational Science and Computational Intelligence (CSCI), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 2017, pp. 934-939, doi: 10.1109/CSCI.2017.162.Abstract: Agile Software Development incorporates an approach called user stories to document user driven features. A user story is a form of requirements written from the perspective of the user role that the feature will be most inclined towards. Every scrum team has its own definition of completion for a user story based on knowledge of the domain and technology the solution is being developed to satisfy. Within an organizational setting, this often results in a difference in the definition of complete for a user story as team members move across different teams. This paper will outline a generic set of steps aimed at standardizing the procedure utilized in documenting a user story. We will demonstrate that this procedure assists development teams in arriving at a consensus on when a user story is deemed complete. keywords: {Scientific computing;Agile software development;Companies;Stakeholders;Computational intelligence;user story;agile;scrum;team velocity;points},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8560921&isnumber=8560703

A. A. Alsanad, A. Chikh and A. Mirza, "Multilevel Ontology Framework for Improving Requirements Change Management in Global Software Development," in IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 71804-71812, 2019, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2916782.
Abstract: Requirements engineering is one of the most important pillars of software engineering. Its success contributes greatly to that of the software as a whole. In fact, the software development process is not devoid from changing requirements, which affects the cost, time, and quality of the final software. The change problem is unavoidable and also swells when the development of the software is made globally. Therefore, there is a need to improve the quality of requirements change management (RCM), especially in global software development (GSD) environments. Our research hypothesis is that the RCM is naturally a knowledge-intensive process that can benefit substantially from ontology. Indeed, we assume that using a multilevel ontology framework will greatly support RCM in GSD environments by ensuring the semantic correctness of the requirement change request and accordingly solving miscommunication and misunderstanding problems. The framework was successfully evaluated using a questionnaire and a case study. The results indicate that using the proposed framework can intensely improve the semantic correctness of requirement change requests. Accordingly, the entire RCM process is then improved by increasing the reliability of the change and reducing the time consumed for dealing with semantically wrong change requests.
keywords: {Ontologies;Software;Semantics;Requirements engineering;Software engineering;Software reliability;Requirement engineering;global software development;requirement change management;change requests;ontology},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8715343&isnumber=8600701


B. Martens and J. Franke, "Identifying Agile Roles in Software Engineering Projects using Repository and Work-Tracking Data," 2022 International Conference on Data and Software Engineering (ICoDSE), Denpasar, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 83-88, doi: 10.1109/ICoDSE56892.2022.9971901.Abstract: Software development at corporate scale is a collaborative effort requiring the involvement of people with different responsibilities. In agile software engineering approaches like SCRUM, responsibilities are divided along two main axes. Team membership sets the scope of a group of engineers, defining the parts of the software or types of challenges the individual approaches. Roles define the contribution of the individual within the team. As team and role data are not necessarily defined in the analyzed repository and work-tracking systems, their prediction from available data is beneficial for the understanding of processes and the providing of stakeholder-focused insights based on data. In this paper, we show that data gathered from software repositories and work-tracking systems can be used to predict the role of persons within these systems using machine learning, achieving an accuracy of around 83 percent. We also show how the process definition, specifically the work item hierarchy of the analyzed system is reflected in the analyzed data. keywords: {Measurement;Focusing;Collaboration;Machine learning;Metadata;Software;Stakeholders;software roles;repository mining;software life cycle;software artifacts},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9971901&isnumber=9971812

A. C, J. P. M. Dhas and J. A. P. Singh, "A study of Change Impact Analysis Techniques based on Requirement Defects during the Software Development Process," 2022 IEEE International Conference on Signal Processing, Informatics, Communication and Energy Systems (SPICES), THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, India, 2022, pp. 174-179, doi: 10.1109/SPICES52834.2022.9774246.Abstract: One of the major challenges faced by software companies is to produce high-quality software. Quality is not a state but a continuous process, it is critical to produce quality artefact at every stage of software development. Making modifications to software during and after development is a common occurrence. Executing the recommended modifications in software might have negative consequences such as lowering its quality or introducing new problems, which would raise the cost of software maintenance. As a result, a methodical approach to change management is necessary. Change Impact Analysis (CIA) is a method for controlling software modification that has already been implemented. CIA is becoming increasingly essential in various sectors, particularly software development. The objective of this paper is to do an analysis on CIA’s emerging elements, which evaluates the nature of every change request and seeks to integrate such changes into a program in a step-by-step manner. The paper aims to uncover the difficulties and challenges in CIA, current advancements, methodologies and tools in the field as well as the emerging scope of research in this field. keywords: {Location awareness;Software maintenance;Systematics;Costs;Companies;Signal processing;SPICE;Change Impact;Software Development;Software Quality;Defect Management;software project},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9774246&isnumber=9773333

X. Dong, Q. -S. Yang, Q. Wang, J. Zhai and G. Ruhe, "Value-Risk Trade-off Analysis for Iteration Planning in Extreme Programming," 2011 18th Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, 2011, pp. 397-404, doi: 10.1109/APSEC.2011.11.Abstract: Selection of the right user stories and planning their implementation for the next iteration is critical for success of extreme Programming (XP). Success here is measured by the total business value generated from all user stories implemented within time. The business value of an iteration is composed by the value of the individual user stories selected and additional value created from themes of user stories. In this paper, a method combining advanced search and risk analysis is proposed to support decision-making for the “best” set of user stories. The advanced search technique combines genetic search with subsequent application of the hill climbing technique. The top candidate solutions are further analyzed pro-actively in terms of their risk to be implementable in-time with the available effort. As a proof-of-concept, the applicability of the proposed method is applied for the planning of one iteration in a case study project with 40 user stories. As a result, a set of trade-off solutions is offered as decision support for XP teams. keywords: {Planning;Biological cells;Genetic algorithms;Productivity;Genetics;Risk analysis;extreme Programming;Iteration planning;User story selection;Genetic Search;Risk analysis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6130647&isnumber=6130641

M. H. Asl and N. Kama, "A Change Impact Size Estimation Approach during the Software Development," 2013 22nd Australian Software Engineering Conference, Hawthorne, VIC, Australia, 2013, pp. 68-77, doi: 10.1109/ASWEC.2013.18.Abstract: Modern software development is iterative and encourages frequent interactions between the software development team and the stakeholders of the software. These interactions will generate change requests as the requirements gradually evolve to meet the stakeholders expectations or due sudden shifts in circumstances. However, during the development, software developers have to assess the impact of these change requests with respect to incomplete status of software artefacts. This situation presents one important aspect when considering a change request, which is how to estimate the size of change impact that is required by a requirement change, given inconsistent states of artefacts across the project. Therefore, this paper introduces a new Change Impact Size Estimation (CISE) approach for the software development phase. Further on that, a prototype tool has been developed to support the implementation of the approach and evaluation. The case study method used for evaluating this approach corroborated the functionality and accuracy of this approach for estimating the change impact size. keywords: {Estimation;Analytical models;Predictive models;Filtration;Complexity theory;Software maintenance;impact analysis;change impact size;class interactions prediction;requirement change;software change management;software development phase},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6601294&isnumber=6601273

S. Sharma and D. Kumar, "Agile Release Planning Using Natural Language Processing Algorithm," 2019 Amity International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AICAI), Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 2019, pp. 934-938, doi: 10.1109/AICAI.2019.8701252.Abstract: Once the requirement is gathered in agile, it is broken down into smaller pre-defined format called user stories. These user stories are then scoped in various sprint releases and delivered accordingly. Release planning in Agile becomes challenging when the number of user stories goes up in hundreds. In such scenarios it is very difficult to manually identify similar user stories and package them together into a release. Hence, this paper suggests application of natural language processing algorithms for identifying similar user stories and then scoping them into a release This paper takes the approach to build a word corpus for every project release identified in the project and then to convert the provided user stories into a vector of string using Java utility for calculating top 3 most occurring words from the given project corpus in a user story. Once all the user stories are represented as vector array then by using RV coefficient NLP algorithm the user stories are clustered into various releases of the software project. Using the proposed approach, the release planning for large and complex software engineering projects can be simplified resulting into efficient planning in less time. The automated commercial tools like JIRA and Rally can be enhanced to include suggested algorithms for managing release planning in Agile. keywords: {Planning;Natural language processing;Software;Software engineering;Software algorithms;Currencies;Java;Natural Language Processing;Algorithm;Software Engineering;Agile Methodology;Release Planning;R Programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8701252&isnumber=8701225

H. D. Tessema and S. L. Abebe, "Enhancing Just-in-Time Defect Prediction Using Change Request-based Metrics," 2021 IEEE International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution and Reengineering (SANER), Honolulu, HI, USA, 2021, pp. 511-515, doi: 10.1109/SANER50967.2021.00056.Abstract: Identifying defective software components as early as their commit helps to reduce significant software development and maintenance costs. In recent years, several studies propose to use just-in-time (JIT) defect prediction techniques to identify changes that could introduce defects at check-in time. To predict defect introducing changes, JIT defect prediction approaches use change metrics collected from software repositories. These change metrics, however, capture code and code change related information. Information related to the change requests (e.g., clarity of change request and difficulty to implement the change) that could determine the change’s proneness to introducing new defects are not studied. In this study, we propose to augment the publicly available change metrics dataset with six change request- based metrics collected from issue tracking systems. To build the prediction model, we used five machine learning algorithms: AdaBoost, XGBoost, Deep Neural Network, Random Forest and Logistic Regression. The proposed approach is evaluated using a dataset collected from four open source software systems, i.e., Eclipse platform, Eclipse JDT, Bugzilla and Mozilla. The results show that the augmented dataset improves the performance of JIT defect prediction in 19 out of 20 cases. F1-score of JIT defect prediction in the four systems is improved by an average of 4.8%, 3.4%, 1.7%, 1.1% and 1.1% while using AdaBoost, XGBoost, Deep Neural Network, Random Forest and Logistic Regression, respectively. keywords: {Measurement;Machine learning algorithms;Conferences;Neural networks;Predictive models;Maintenance engineering;Random forests;Just-in-Time Software Defect Prediction;Software Bugs;Issue Tracking Systems;Software Metrics},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9426021&isnumber=9425874

N. Bik, G. Lucassen and S. Brinkkemper, "A Reference Method for User Story Requirements in Agile Systems Development," 2017 IEEE 25th International Requirements Engineering Conference Workshops (REW), Lisbon, Portugal, 2017, pp. 292-298, doi: 10.1109/REW.2017.83.Abstract: User story literature nearly exclusively studies how to create, prioritise, or ensure the quality of a user story. Little is known about other activities and artefacts involved preceding or following these activities in systems development. Consequentially, software teams seeking to leverage user stories' full potential do not know how to incorporate user stories into all aspects of their software development process. This paper constructs a reference method by examining and consolidating the user story life-cycle obtained in a multi-case study research project. Practitioners can take inspiration from this method to learn the improvements possible with user stories. keywords: {Software;Companies;Interviews;Estimation;Planning;Writing;Protocols},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8054867&isnumber=8054794

S. Raza and U. Waheed, "Managing Change in Agile Software Development a Comparative Study," 2018 IEEE 21st International Multi-Topic Conference (INMIC), Karachi, Pakistan, 2018, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/INMIC.2018.8595457.Abstract: Agile is a software development methodology and an engineering approach that embraces and promotes the changes in cooperation through activities performed during the life cycle of software development. In an agile environment, the company changes the way of doing operations and become open to those changes that deliver the value promptly. Agile development claims to improve customer satisfaction, shorter delivery time, and increase the value of the business. This research paper has the purpose to increase the current body of evidences related to change management in agile development and the survey paper aims to investigate about how change request management, prioritization, and change response are done in different agile processes including XP, Serum, Lean, ASD, AUP, MSF, Crystal, DSDM, FDD. The methodology used in this paper is the systematic literature review. The findings of this paper show that FDD, DSDM, MSF are less collaborative and change responsive as compared to XP, Serum, Lean, ASD, AUP and Crystal. keywords: {Software;Crystals;Agile software development;Companies;Bibliographies;Maintenance engineering;Change;Agile software development;prioritization;Acceptance;Rejection;Implementation;monitor;track;control;XP;Serum;Lean;ASD;AUP;MSF;Crystal;DSDM;FDD},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8595457&isnumber=8595451

R. Lämmel, A. Kerber and L. Praza, "Understanding What Software Engineers Are Working on The Work-Item Prediction Challenge," 2020 IEEE/ACM 28th International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC), Seoul, Korea, Republic of, 2020, pp. 416-424, doi: 10.1145/3387904.3389294.Abstract: Understanding what a software engineer (a developer, an incident responder, a production engineer, etc.) is working on is a challenging problem - especially when considering the more complex software engineering workflows in software-intensive organizations: i) engineers rely on a multitude (perhaps hundreds) of loosely integrated tools; ii) engineers engage in concurrent and relatively long running workflows; ii) infrastructure (such as logging) is not fully aware of work items; iv) engineering processes (e.g., for incident response) are not explicitly modeled. In this paper, we explain the corresponding’ work-item prediction challenge’ on the grounds of representative scenarios, report on related efforts at Facebook, discuss some lessons learned, and review related work to call to arms to leverage, advance, and combine techniques from program comprehension, mining software repositories, process mining, and machine learning. keywords: {Correlation;Social networking (online);Production;Organizations;Machine learning;Software;Data mining;developer workflow;loose tool integration;concurrent workflow;process mining;machine learning;code similarity;word correlation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10186837&isnumber=10186521

E. Jharko, "Some Issues in Using the Model of Determining the User Stories Quality to Reduce Software Development Risks," 2024 International Conference on Industrial Engineering, Applications and Manufacturing (ICIEAM), Sochi, Russian Federation, 2024, pp. 658-663, doi: 10.1109/ICIEAM60818.2024.10553873.Abstract: The paper analyzes and compiles the key factors influencing the quality of user stories in the software development process. These factors include clarity and completeness of requirements, technical feasibility, priority of requirements, clarity and understandability of the user story, and others. A Model of Determining the User Stories Quality (MDUSQ) is proposed. This model includes a set of metrics and indicators that help evaluate and determine the quality of user stories. MDUSQ metrics may include quantitative metrics, qualitative metrics and performance metrics. Applying the MDUSQ will help improve requirements during software development and reduce the risk of requirements changes. Analyzing and collecting key quality factors and using MDUSQ metrics will help ensure that user stories are complete, understandable, and meet customer and user needs. keywords: {Measurement;Q-factor;Agile software development;Industrial engineering;Software;Manufacturing;Software development management;model of determining the user stories quality;user stories;changing requirements;software;quality factors},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10553873&isnumber=10553656

K. Rostami, J. Stammel, R. Heinrich and R. Reussner, "Architecture-based assessment and planning of change requests," 2015 11th International ACM SIGSOFT Conference on Quality of Software Architectures (QoSA), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2015, pp. 21-30, doi: 10.1145/2737182.2737198.Abstract: Software architecture reflects important decisions on structure, used technology and resources. Architecture decisions influence to a large extent requirements on software quality. During software evolution change requests have to be implemented in a way that the software maintains its quality, as various potential implementations of a specific change request influence the quality properties differently. Software development processes involve various organisational and technical roles. Thus, for sound decision making it is important to understand the consequences of the decisions on the various software engineering artefacts (e.g. architecture, code, test cases, build, or deployments) when analysing the impact of a change request. However, existing approaches do not use sufficient architecture descriptions or are limited to software development without taking management tasks into account. In this paper, we present the tool-supported approach Karlsruhe Architectural Maintainability Prediction (KAMP) to analyse the change propagation caused by a change request in a software system based on the architecture model. Using context information annotated on the architecture KAMP enables project members to assess the effects of a change request on various technical and organisational artefacts and tasks during software life cycle. We evaluate KAMP in an empirical study, which showed that it improves scalability of analysis for information systems due to automatically generated task lists containing more complete and precise context annotations than manually created ones. keywords: {Computer architecture;Software;Context modeling;Context;Software architecture;Analytical models;Software Evolution;Change Request;Impact Analysis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7450798&isnumber=7450788

M. Giertzsch, "GM Software Engineering using the example of Lane Keep Assist," AmE 2016 - Automotive meets Electronics; 7th GMM-Symposium, Dortmund, Germany, 2016, pp. 1-6.Abstract: Nowadays many driver assistance systems, like Lane Keeping Assist, are very complex systems, which holds for the software of those systems as well. Combined with short development cycles and high expectations to feature quality, this leads to the necessity of robust software engineering processes. In this paper it is shown how such processes are implemented using a software change request against the Lane Keeping Assist as an example feature.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7459149&isnumber=7459134

M. Farina et al., "Musical Practices in Software Development: Insights from Gary Marcus’s Guitar Zero," 2021 International Conference "Nonlinearity, Information and Robotics" (NIR), Innopolis, Russian Federation, 2021, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/NIR52917.2021.9666082.Abstract: Our goal was to read the book “Guitar zero: The new musician and the science of learning” and find out whether any of the ideas that were presented in this book could be applied to the software development process. After a thorough and comprehensive analysis, we singled out six fundamental musical practices that could be adopted by teams of software engineers to improve their development process. For two of them - team code reviews and personal sprint goal - we performed preliminary experiments, which were aimed at gathering feedback about the usefulness of such practices for software developers. keywords: {Codes;Music;Software;Scrum (Software development);Robots;SDLC;Agile;Scrum;Sprint;User story;Code review},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9666082&isnumber=9665800

Y. S. Molla, S. T. Yimer and E. Alemneh, "COSMIC-Functional Size Classification of Agile Software Development: Deep Learning Approach," 2023 International Conference on Information and Communication Technology for Development for Africa (ICT4DA), Bahir Dar, Ethiopia, 2023, pp. 155-159, doi: 10.1109/ICT4DA59526.2023.10302232.Abstract: Knowing the size of a software early (i.e., requirement stage) helps to manage software projects ahead of resources, especially in agile approach. With the proliferation of agile software industries, large number of requirements are not clearly defined at the early phase of the software development and are left unmeasured, this leads to inaccurate size and effort estimations and in turn failure of software projects. In addition, it is challenging to apply Common Software Measurement International Consortium (COSMIC) standard in agile developments. This is because COSMIC needs strict formalization of requirements, whereas agile relies on less formal specifications. Having a formal or informal functional process or user story description, COSMIC-based estimation divides this process description in to four data elements (entry, read, write, and exit) and finally counts the number of each data element so that the size of such process description will be determined (small, medium, large, and complex). By exploiting the advantages of COSMIC on agile methods, in this study, we develop domain-specific vocabularies through domain-specific pre-trained model for classification of COSMIC-functional sizes in agile developments. We employ an experimental research methodology for implementing our proposed approach. We further-pretrain a generic BERT model over requirement engineering domain texts and produce a new domain-specific pre-trained model called RE-BERT. Using RE-BERT, we develop deep learning classifiers (RE-BERT Seq., BASE-BERT Seq., BASE-BERT -LSTM, RE-BERT -LSTM, BASE-BERT -Bi-LSTM, RE-BERT-Bi-LSTM) for conducting COSMIC-based functional size classifications. The experimental results show that RE-BERT Seq. Classifier provides 78.97% prediction accuracy, which is better among other classifier models (RE-BERT-LSTM, RE-BERT-Bi-LSTM, BASE-BERT LSTM, BASE-BERT-Bi-LSTM, and BASE-BERT Seq. Classifier). Overall, RE-BERT -based classifiers provide a 1.40 to 4.80% average improvement over BASE-BERT-based Classifiers. Moreover, the experimental results show that domain-specific pre-trained models have a promising effect on improving the performance of machine learning or deep learning models towards a particular downstream task in that domain (in our case, functional size classification task). keywords: {Deep learning;Vocabulary;Estimation;Agile software development;Predictive models;Software;Software measurement;BERT;COSMIC;Domain-specific pre-training;Downstream Task;Agile Development;RE-BERT;Software Function Size},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10302232&isnumber=10302182

R. A. Putri, U. L. Yuhana and T. C. Amri, "K-Means and Feature Selection Mechanism to Improve Performance of Clustering User Stories in Agile Development," 2023 International Conference on Modeling & E-Information Research, Artificial Learning and Digital Applications (ICMERALDA), Karawang, Indonesia, 2023, pp. 39-43, doi: 10.1109/ICMERALDA60125.2023.10458165.Abstract: Agile development is an approach in software development that aims to improve the flexibility, responsiveness, and quality of software products. One part of the planning phase in agile development is writing user stories. User story is a text used to detail needs from the user's point of view. The semi-natural and simplicity of user stories sometimes results ambiguity, inconsistent sentences, and incomplete sentences. This ambiguous user story has the potential to cause problems or conflicts, especially when programmers start building the product. To solve that problem, this research. To solve this problem, a method that can identify ambiguous and problematic user stories is needed. One method that can be implemented to solve this problem is the clustering method. This research uses the K-means algorithm because K-means has proven to be very good at clustering data. To improve clustering performance, we have added Variance Threshold method to select features. The Silhouette Value evaluation results in this experiment also show a significant increase to reach 0.9634384171608066 in clustering experiments with feature selection. This means that the feature selection method does have a positive impact on the clustering evaluation results. keywords: {Couplings;Clustering methods;Buildings;Clustering algorithms;Learning (artificial intelligence);Writing;Feature extraction;Feature Selection;K-means;Silhouette Value;User Story;Variance Threshold},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10458165&isnumber=10458147

F. Zhang, F. Khomh, Y. Zou and A. E. Hassan, "An Empirical Study of the Effect of File Editing Patterns on Software Quality," 2012 19th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Kingston, ON, Canada, 2012, pp. 456-465, doi: 10.1109/WCRE.2012.55.Abstract: While some developers like to work on multiple code change requests, others might prefer to handle one change request at a time. This juggling of change requests and the large number of developers working in parallel often lead to files being edited as part of different change requests by one or several developers. Existing research has warned the community about the potential negative impacts of some file editing patterns on software quality. For example, when several developers concurrently edit a file as part of different change requests, they are likely to introduce bugs due to limited awareness of other changes. However, very few studies have provided quantitative evidence to support these claims. In this paper, we identify four file editing patterns. We perform an empirical study on three open source software systems to investigate the individual and the combined impact of the four patterns on software quality. We find that: (1) files that are edited concurrently by many developers have on average 2.46 times more future bugs than files that are not concurrently edited, (2) files edited in parallel with other files by the same developer have on average 1.67 times more future bugs than files individually edited, (3) files edited over an extended period (i.e., above the third quartile) of time have 2.28 times more future bugs than other files, and (4) files edited with long interruptions (i.e., above the third quartile) have 2.1 times more future bugs than other files. When more than one editing patterns are followed by one or many developers during the editing of a file, we observe that the number of future bugs in the file can be as high as 1.6 times the average number of future bugs in files edited following a single editing pattern. These results can be used by software development teams to warn developers about risky file editing patterns. keywords: {Computer bugs;History;Equations;Software quality;Measurement;Programming;ile editing pattern;change request;bug;software quality;empirical software engineering;mylyn},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6385141&isnumber=6385088

I. K. Raharjana, D. Siahaan and C. Fatichah, "User Stories and Natural Language Processing: A Systematic Literature Review," in IEEE Access, vol. 9, pp. 53811-53826, 2021, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3070606.
Abstract: Context: User stories have been widely accepted as artifacts to capture the user requirements in agile software development. They are short pieces of texts in a semi-structured format that express requirements. Natural language processing (NLP) techniques offer a potential advantage in user story applications. Objective: Conduct a systematic literature review to capture the current state-of-the-art of NLP research on user stories. Method: The search strategy is used to obtain relevant papers from SCOPUS, ScienceDirect, IEEE Xplore, ACM Digital Library, SpringerLink, and Google Scholar. Inclusion and exclusion criteria are applied to filter the search results. We also use the forward and backward snowballing techniques to obtain more comprehensive results. Results: The search results identified 718 papers published between January 2009 to December 2020. After applying the inclusion/exclusion criteria and the snowballing technique, we identified 38 primary studies that discuss NLP techniques in user stories. Most studies used NLP techniques to extract aspects of who, what, and why from user stories. The purpose of NLP studies in user stories is broad, ranging from discovering defects, generating software artifacts, identifying the key abstraction of user stories, and tracing links between model and user stories. Conclusion: NLP can help system analysts manage user stories. Implementing NLP in user stories has many opportunities and challenges. Considering the exploration of NLP techniques and rigorous evaluation methods is required to obtain quality research. As with NLP research in general, the ability to understand a sentence’s context continues to be a challenge.
keywords: {Natural language processing;Software;Requirements engineering;Agile software development;Stakeholders;Search problems;Feature extraction;Agile software development;natural language processing;systematic review;user story},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9393933&isnumber=9312710


Z. Xuan, T. Wang, C. Wang and T. Li, "A Tool for Automatically Identifying Semantic Conflicts in User Stories by Combining NLP and BERT Model," 2024 IEEE 32nd International Requirements Engineering Conference (RE), Reykjavik, Iceland, 2024, pp. 484-487, doi: 10.1109/RE59067.2024.00057.Abstract: In agile software development, user stories are provided by different stakeholders, and there may be semantic conflicts between them. It takes a lot of time and manpower to identify semantic conflicts from a large number of user stories, and the identification effect is not ideal. This paper proposes a semantic conflict identifying tool. The tool mainly includes two parts: one is to identify whether there are syntax problems or ambiguity problems in each user story, and the other is to identify whether there are semantic problems between user stories. The tool combines the NLP and BERT model for improving the syntactic and semantic quality of user stories through feedback and interaction. Our preliminary results on 9060 user stories show an F1-Score of 92%. A demo video of this tool is available at https://youtu.be/EGYyI9RclRc. keywords: {Semantics;Agile software development;Syntactics;Stakeholders;Requirements engineering;User story;semantic conflicts identification;automated conflicts identification tool},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10628458&isnumber=10628109

A. Prabu, S. L. A, S. B A and A. K. C, "User story-based automatic test case classification and prioritization using natural language processing-based deep learning," in IEEE Potentials, vol. 43, no. 5, pp. 20-28, Sept.-Oct. 2024, doi: 10.1109/MPOT.2023.3342366.
Abstract: Software development starts with requirement engineering which involves establishing and documenting requirements. In agile environments, requirements are collected in the form of user stories. User stories play a crucial role in capturing functional requirements from end users. Testing and prioritizing user stories are essential to ensure whether the software meets the desired functionalities based on specifications. However, with the increasing complexity of software systems, manual classification and prioritization of test cases based on user stories have become time-consuming and error prone. The proposed solution leverages the power of NLP to extract key information from user stories. It employs machine learning algorithms for efficient classification and prioritization into Arrange, Act, and Assert (AAA) categories. The user stories are preprocessed using NLP techniques to extract keywords, remove noise, tokenize and represent the text as unigrams which are classified into the AAA categories. The proposed machine learning model prioritizes the associated test cases by considering factors like criticality, complexity, and dependencies. The results are enhanced by implementing a deep learning model which addresses complex and non-linear data. The classification and prioritization of these keywords in each user story helps in designing sequences of user stories with efficient resource allocation to enable the testing team to focus on high-priority test cases, reducing time and effort.
keywords: {Software;Testing;Software reliability;Reliability;Deep learning;Predictive models;Complexity theory},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10380221&isnumber=10835136


H. Arshad, A. Sheikh, A. Bibi, J. Basit and A. Hafeez, "Promoting Agility in Agile: Leveraging Machine Learning for Dynamic User Story Clustering in Scrum," 2025 International Conference on Communication Technologies (ComTech), Rawalpindi, Pakistan, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ComTech65062.2025.11034461.Abstract: User stories serve to define requirements, but they can pose significant challenges for management, particularly due to their high volume in large-scale software development using agile development methodologies. The problem is further compounded by the possibility of engineers swapping a lot of information directly, as well as the best practice of not duplicating effort in software production. Therefore, we present an approach that applies NLP and sophisticated clustering algorithms to enhance the management of user stories. We utilized Natural Language Processing to identify requirements from a dataset of user stories, employing clusters such as K-means, K-medoids, hierarchical, and distribution-based clusters. We employed silhouette analysis, a popular tool today, to evaluate the quality of the clusters we obtained. It was helpful in providing an overall view of the system’s requirements, as well as in classifying new requirements into different clusters. This work aims to apply this new methodology to certain user stories within mobile enterprise application projects, and it has demonstrated significant potential. This work significantly reduced the time required for software design, resulting in increased productivity through the use of machine learning technologies in the classification of user stories. This work also demonstrates how to incorporate machine learning into user story management for large organizations, thereby reducing handwork and enhancing validity. keywords: {Productivity;Software design;Software algorithms;Clustering algorithms;Machine learning;Organizations;Natural language processing;Software;Communications technology;Software development management;Machine learning;Distribution-based clustering;Natural Language processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11034461&isnumber=11034386

M. Nadeem, K. Shahzad and N. Majeed, "Extracting Software Change Requests from Mobile App Reviews," 2021 36th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering Workshops (ASEW), Melbourne, Australia, 2021, pp. 198-203, doi: 10.1109/ASEW52652.2021.00047.Abstract: The use of mobile apps is increasing rapidly. These apps have thousands of reviews which are widely acknowledged as a valuable resource for the community involved in the development of mobile apps. In this study, we contend that these reviews can be used to generate software change request document for improving mobile apps. A pre-requisite for generating such a document is the identification of Software Change Requests (SCR) from the user reviews. However, the manual processing of these large number of reviews to identify SCRs is a resource intensive task. However, most of the existing studies have focused on the identification of bugs. Whereas, a few studies have been conducted to identify change requests and its localization from mobile apps review, which substantially different from extracting SCR. To that end, we have scrapped review of seven Mobile Apps and developed a dataset that can be used for training of machine learning techniques for the automatic identification of SCRs. A key feature of the approach is that we have documented the annotation guidelines that are used to distinguish between SCR and non-SCR sentences. These guidelines can be used to enhance the developed dataset, as well as to develop new datasets. As another contribution, we have evaluated the effectiveness of five supervised learning techniques for their ability to identify SCR sentences from user reviews. The study shows that Logistic Regression achieved a nearly perfect F1 score of 0.97 for extracting SCR from textual reviews. keywords: {Training;Supervised learning;Manuals;User interfaces;Software;Mobile applications;Task analysis;Software Engineering;Natural Language Processing;Machine Learning;Software Maintenance;Software Change Request Identification;Information Extraction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9680294&isnumber=9679822

N. C. Haugen, "An empirical study of using planning poker for user story estimation," AGILE 2006 (AGILE'06), Minneapolis, MN, USA, 2006, pp. 9 pp.-34, doi: 10.1109/AGILE.2006.16.Abstract: Group estimation of user stories is an important part of extreme programming (XP), used for both planning releases and iterations. Research has shown that although group estimation in many cases is superior to individual estimation, there is still room for improvement. For instance, group estimation performance can be reduced by dominant personalities and anchoring effects. Through the analysis of 101 user story estimates, made by an XP team for release planning, we investigate whether the introduction of the planning poker estimation process improved the estimation ability of the team. The results show that planning poker improved the team's estimation performance in most cases, but that it increased estimation error in the extreme cases. keywords: {Process planning;Contracts;Software performance;Delay estimation;Estimation error;Computer industry;Resource management;Programming;Software testing;Strategic planning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1667560&isnumber=34909

A. Mockus, "Analogy based prediction of work item flow in software projects: a case study," 2003 International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering, 2003. ISESE 2003. Proceedings., Rome, Italy, 2003, pp. 110-119, doi: 10.1109/ISESE.2003.1237970.Abstract: A software development project coordinates work by using work items that represent customer, tester and developer found defects, enhancements, and new features. We set out to facilitate software project planning by modeling the flow of such work items and using information on historic projects to predict the work flow of an ongoing project. The history of the work items is extracted from problem tracking or configuration management databases. The Web-based prediction tool allows project managers to select relevant past projects and adjust the prediction based on staffing, type, and schedule of the ongoing project. We present the workflow model, and briefly describe project prediction of a large software project for customer relationship management (CRM). keywords: {Computer aided software engineering;History;Predictive models;Software testing;Project management;Resource management;Programming;Data mining;Spatial databases;Customer relationship management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1237970&isnumber=27773

T. Tenso, A. H. Norta, H. Rootsi, K. Taveter and I. Vorontsova, "Enhancing Requirements Engineering in Agile Methodologies by Agent-Oriented Goal Models: Two Empirical Case Studies," 2017 IEEE 25th International Requirements Engineering Conference Workshops (REW), Lisbon, Portugal, 2017, pp. 268-275, doi: 10.1109/REW.2017.24.Abstract: The use of agile methods in software engineering is a standard practice and user stories are established artefacts used for breaking complex system requirements into smaller subsets. However, user stories do not suffice for understanding the big picture of system requirements. While there are methods that try to solve this problem, they lack visual tool support and are too heavy for smaller projects. We have earlier proposed a novel agile agent-oriented modelling (AAOM) method for filling this gap. The AAOM method comprises a visual approach to requirements engineering in agile projects that is based on goal models originating in agent-oriented modelling and connects goals intuitively to user stories. The purpose of the study reported in this article was evaluating the AAOM method for requirements engineering in two real-life case studies. The qualitative evaluation explores the applicability of AAOM for requirements engineering in agile software development processes. keywords: {Software;Software engineering;Requirements engineering;Interviews;Tools;Visualization;Data collection;agile software engineering;goal model;user story;case study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8054864&isnumber=8054794

L. Zia, Y. Diao, D. Rosu, C. Ward and K. Bhattacharya, "Optimizing Change Request Scheduling in IT Service Management," 2008 IEEE International Conference on Services Computing, Honolulu, HI, USA, 2008, pp. 41-48, doi: 10.1109/SCC.2008.144.Abstract: Enterprises of today face the challenge of managing large, complex IT eco-systems consisting of software applications, servers, network routers, and other type of resources. Change management, especially scheduling of changes, is known to be one of the most challenging problems in managing IT operations. In this paper, we propose an optimization model for IT change scheduling that takes into account the constraints and cost factors typically encountered in a service provider environment. In particular, we formulate the model in a way that can be solved using standard mathematical programming techniques (i.e., mixed integer programming). This not only results in strictly optimal solutions, but also provides a scalable means for scheduling a large set of change requests with complex constraints. Furthermore, having a computational efficient optimization solution facilitates the study of the scheduling sensitivity with respect to parameter inaccuracy and leads to more robust change schedules. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in an IT change management example which is built using insights from a large service delivery account and over two hundred thousand change instances. keywords: {Costs;Job shop scheduling;Stochastic processes;Schedules;Optimization models;Service level agreements;Cost function;Computational modeling;Standards;Servers},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4578447&isnumber=4578429

W. Dahhane, J. Berrich, T. Bouchentouf and M. Rahmoun, "SEMAT Essence's Kernel applied to O-MaSE," 2016 5th International Conference on Multimedia Computing and Systems (ICMCS), Marrakech, Morocco, 2016, pp. 799-804, doi: 10.1109/ICMCS.2016.7905565.Abstract: Developing complex systems can be simplified if the designer is guided by a method from Software Engineering. Currently, Agent Oriented Software Engineering methods aim at providing an adaptive engineering process. The method processes have been broken up into different parts called fragments, enabling the mix of different engineering processes' parts to get better adequacy between the system to be done and the process. However, some difficulties remain on the expertise needed to compose these fragments when a number of fragments prevent the composition to be done by hand. The difference between how each method is described is also an obstacle. SEMAT is an initiative to reshape software engineering such that software engineering qualifies as a rigorous discipline, which can facilitate the composition of methods. The first step ends up with a Kernel called Essence adopted as an OMG standard in June 2014. Different software constructors like Red Hat, Google have already applied this kernel to redefine some of their methods and processes. Our aim in this paper is to apply a first recast to OMaSE in terms of the Essence kernel toward an evaluation of its relevance to building a common ground kernel for MAS methodologies. keywords: {Kernel;Analytical models;Software engineering;Unified modeling language;Organizations;Multi-agent systems;O-MASE;SEMAT;Essence Kernel;Alpha;SPEM;Multi-agent system;Goal model;User story;Agent story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7905565&isnumber=7905513

N. R., S. S. M. Fauzi and M. H. N. M. Nasir, "The Development of Software Configuration Management Repository," 2009 International Conference on Information Management and Engineering, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 2009, pp. 423-426, doi: 10.1109/ICIME.2009.94.Abstract: The idea of the OSCMR is to manage software configuration items (CSCI) of various software development processes. OSCMR has been designed and developed to run on the Internet and features simple user interfaces. It also has been designed to help beginners having a simple view of the software development process. Next, OSCMR is flexible enough to adapt itself to different software development methodologies. CSCI in OSCMR is referred to any documents from early phase of software development until the end of the software development process. It can contain anything that can be stored and distributed in electronic form such as source codes, compiled executables, change request forms, software testing materials, and others. In this paper, we discuss the overview of OSCMR. keywords: {Software development management;Programming;Technology management;Open source software;Network servers;Conference management;Engineering management;Information technology;Internet;Content management;Software Configuration Items;CSCI;Software Process Improvement;Configuration Management;Software Development Process},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5077069&isnumber=5076978

F. Zhang, F. Khomh, Y. Zou and A. E. Hassan, "An Empirical Study on Factors Impacting Bug Fixing Time," 2012 19th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Kingston, ON, Canada, 2012, pp. 225-234, doi: 10.1109/WCRE.2012.32.Abstract: Fixing bugs is an important activity of the software development process. A typical process of bug fixing consists of the following steps: 1) a user files a bug report, 2) the bug is assigned to a developer, 3) the developer fixes the bug, 4) changed code is reviewed and verified, and 5) the bug is resolved. Many studies have investigated the process of bug fixing. However, to the best of our knowledge, none has explicitly analyzed the interval between bug assignment and the time when bug fixing starts. After a bug assignment, some developers will immediately start fixing the bug while others will start bug fixing after a long period. We are blind on developer's delays when fixing bugs. This paper explores such delays of developers through an empirical study on three open source software systems. We examine factors affecting bug fixing time along three dimensions: bug reports, source code involved in the fix, and code changes that are required to fix the bug. We further compare different factors by descriptive logistic regression models. Our results can help development teams better understand factors behind delays, and then improve bug fixing process. keywords: {Delay;Computer bugs;Operating systems;Distributed Bragg reflectors;Logistics;History;bug fixing process;change request;fixing time;empirical software engineering;bug report;mylyn},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6385118&isnumber=6385088

A. Deuter, "Slicing the V-Model -- Reduced Effort, Higher Flexibility," 2013 IEEE 8th International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Bari, Italy, 2013, pp. 1-10, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2013.10.Abstract: Companies requiring a formal software process model tend to choose the V-model. Having its advantages in a strong focus on verification and validation, the main drawbacks of the V-model are the need to create a large amount of documentation, to keep this documentation continuously updated and to manage trace ability of requirements implementation and testing. As it is based on the waterfall process model the timing behavior of the V-model is considered to be stiff. Additional complexity arises whenever teams work together in globally distributed environments. All these aspects reduce the software productivity of the teams when using the V-model. It is known that agile processes solve some of the mentioned problems. However, agile processes are not always accepted in formal environments, e.g., if certification bodies need to approve safety critical developments. This article proposes a new approach, called "sliced V-model", where documents are split into work items and these work items are linked between the documents, forming small and independent "V" shapes. Working with such so-called "V" slices downsizes the efforts for keeping documents updated, simplifies the management of trace ability and increases flexibility. Since the sliced V-model requires the utilization of a web-based repository, it is easy to apply in globally distributed teams. An example of successful implementation in a globally operating industry company is shown. keywords: {Documentation;IEC standards;Companies;Collaboration;Shape;Software systems;Distributed software development;V-model;Work Item;Slicing;Traceability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6613063&isnumber=6613049

M. Gaona-Cuevas, V. Bucheli Guerrero and F. H. Vera-Rivera, "The Smart Product Backlog: A Classification Model of User Stories," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 150008-150019, 2024, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3478833.
Abstract: In agile software development processes, user stories (US) had been used to specify application functionalities from the users’ perspective. For intelligent applications leveraging artificial intelligence (AI), the Smart Product Backlog (SPB) has included both AI-implementable and non-AI functionalities. This paper had proposed a model employing supervised machine learning techniques to classify US descriptions based on their technical feasibility for AI implementation. This model had aimed to assist in constructing smart product backlogs (SPB). Classifying US in agile development, particularly with AI, had been a labor-intensive process demanding significant time and expert involvement. Additionally, the lack of a dedicated dataset for this task had limited the applicability of automated methods. This study addressed this challenge by having experts classify the Mendeley US dataset using binary classification (AI and non-AI). The proposal had involved developing an automatic classification model to process US descriptions and distinguish those suitable for AI implementation. This model had leveraged advanced text processing techniques to refine the textual features of the US. Additionally, it had employed three binary classification techniques: logistic regression, k-nearest neighbors (k-NN), and support vector machines (SVM). The model’s performance had been evaluated using metrics such as accuracy, loss (Log-Likelihood Loss), precision, recall, F1 score, area under the ROC curve, and specificity to identify the best-performing technique in binary classification. Logistic regression and SVM models had demonstrated high accuracy, with scores of 0.748 and 0.740, respectively. These results had highlighted the potential of an automated tool for recommending US feasible for AI development, thereby supporting decision-making in agile software projects.
keywords: {Artificial intelligence;Accuracy;Support vector machines;Nearest neighbor methods;Measurement;Machine learning;Logistic regression;Buildings;User experience;Agile software development;Supervised learning;Software development management;User stories classification;smart product backlog;smart user story identifier;requirements elicitation;agile software development (ASD);machine learning;supervised learning classifiers},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10714400&isnumber=10380310


R. Popli and N. Chauahn, "Managing uncertainty of story-points in Agile software," 2015 2nd International Conference on Computing for Sustainable Global Development (INDIACom), New Delhi, India, 2015, pp. 1357-1361.Abstract: Agile methodologies for software development take a novel, lightweight approach to most aspects of designing and producing applications. Agile software development is an iterative development method. Its basic concept is people - centered and it acknowledges that requirements can change. Due to changing nature of Agile size of user-story is not certain and also new user-stories can be added or existing user-stories can be removed. This creates uncertainty in agile project that leads to poor estimation of time and cost. The proposed technique of managing uncertainty in agile reduces uncertainty by reducing the size of the user-story to be estimated. keywords: {Uncertainty;Software;Estimation;Planning;Agile software development;Paints;Reliability;Agile Software Development;User-stories;Scrum;Estimation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7100471&isnumber=7100186

S. Gossage, J. M. Brown and R. Biddle, "Understanding Digital Cardwall Usage," 2015 Agile Conference, National Harbor, MD, USA, 2015, pp. 21-30, doi: 10.1109/Agile.2015.16.Abstract: In Agile software development, key artefacts used to support the process are the User Story (usually recorded on a Storycard) and Story Cardwall (usually a dedicated portion of a wall). These low-fidelity tools work together to help teams stay focused and self-manage their projects. The need to support distributed teams and team members makes the physical Cardwall impractical and teams are therefore migrating towards digital story management tools. We conducted field studies of 8 Agile teams using digital Cardwalls, and performed qualitative data analysis to understand patterns of usages and user needs. We identify issues to address in the design of digital Cardwalls. keywords: {Software;Planning;Interviews;Organizations;Electronic mail;Context;Viscosity;software process;agile software development;software development tools;cardwalls},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7284594&isnumber=7284584

B. Kumar, U. K. Tiwari and D. C. Dobhal, "NFR Elicitation and Priority Prediction in ASD," 2024 4th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Signal Processing (AISP), VIJAYAWADA, India, 2024, pp. 01-05, doi: 10.1109/AISP61711.2024.10870641.Abstract: Requirement engineering is crucial in the early stages of software development because it produces useful technology and guards against system failure. Non-functional requirements have a major role in both the selection of several different models and the final implementation criteria. The phrase “non-functional requirements” (NFRs) describes a set of characteristics, such security, reliability, performance, etc., that software has to have. When using Agile Software Development (ASD), developers may produce high-quality software that fully satisfies customer expectations by extracting and taking into account NFR from user stories. This paper proposed the NFR elicitation, prioritization process and prediction for the user stories. In initial phase of elicitation process, the baseline NFR counts and added new keywords NFR counts are calculated on the behalf of standard keyword and online library from the user stories with involvement of experts and users. The keyword density weight and importance value are calculated on behalf of occurrences of NFRs in second phase. Through importance value also set the priority level low, medium and high to the user stories. In final phase, the classification models are implemented on priority level of user stories. The result and outcome of NFR elicitation is improved by 6.74% and outcome of priority prediction is done by various classification models where the results shows that XGBoost gives 95.16% and random forest classifier gives 94.95% accuracy. keywords: {Signal processing;Predictive models;Software;Libraries;Software reliability;Security;Requirements engineering;Artificial intelligence;Standards;Random forests;User Story;Non-Functional Requirement;Keyword Density Weight;Prioritization;Accuracy},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10870641&isnumber=10870454

T. McCrea, "The Shuttle Processing Contractors (SPC) reliability program at the Kennedy Space Center; the real world," Annual Reliability and Maintainability Symposium 1992 Proceedings, Las Vegas, NV, USA, 1992, pp. 376-378, doi: 10.1109/ARMS.1992.187851.Abstract: The Shuttle Processing Contract (SPC) workforce consists of Lockheed Space Operations Co. as prime contractor, with Grumman, Thiokol Corporation, and Johnson Controls World Services as a subcontractors. During the design phase, reliability engineering is instrumental in influencing the development of systems that meet the Shuttle fail-safe program requirements. Reliability engineers accomplish this objective by performing FMEA (failure modes and effects analysis) to identify potential single failure points. When technology, time, or resources do not permit a redesign to eliminate a single failure point, the single failure point information is formatted into a change request and presented to senior management of SPC and NASA for risk acceptance. In parallel with the FMEA, safety engineering conducts a hazard analysis to assure that potential hazards to personnel are assessed. The combined effort (FMEA and hazard analysis) is published as a system assurance analysis. Special ground rules and techniques are developed to perform and present the analysis. The reliability program at KSC is vigorously pursued, and has been extremely successful. The ground support equipment and facilities used to launch and land the Space Shuttle maintain an excellent reliability record.<> keywords: {Reliability engineering;Hazards;Space shuttles;Performance analysis;Contracts;Subcontracting;Instruments;Failure analysis;Space technology;Resource management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=187851&isnumber=4775

J. Yu, J. Zhang, W. Sun, D. Zhang, Y. Wan and Y. Mei, "Agile Design of Innovation and Entrepreneurship System of College Students Based on Micro-service Architecture," 2023 4th International Conference on Information Science and Education (ICISE-IE), Zhanjiang, China, 2023, pp. 355-358, doi: 10.1109/ICISE-IE60962.2023.10456405.Abstract: The research is based on the perspective of microservice architecture construction, and taking an innovation and entrepreneurship system of college students as an example. The study is devoted to completing Agile development process for this system with technology of micro-service architecture and Scrum model, and describes a feasible process of Agile design and implementation for the first Sprint version. Feedback on application for college students of software engineering major in experimental university is positively, which is an effective approach for promoting their innovative and pioneering abilities. keywords: {Technological innovation;Information science;Law;Education;Entrepreneurship;Microservice architectures;Computer architecture;micro-service architecture;Agile development;Scrum model;innovation and entrepreneurship;user story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10456405&isnumber=10456374

J. D. Herbsleb and A. Mockus, "An empirical study of speed and communication in globally distributed software development," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 29, no. 6, pp. 481-494, June 2003, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2003.1205177.
Abstract: Global software development is rapidly becoming the norm for technology companies. Previous qualitative research suggests that distributed development may increase development cycle time for individual work items (modification requests). We use both data from the source code change management system and survey data to model the extent of delay in a distributed software development organization and explore several possible mechanisms for this delay. One key finding is that distributed work items appear to take about two and one-half times as long to complete as similar items where all the work is colocated. The data strongly suggest a mechanism for the delay, i.e., that distributed work items involve more people than comparable same-site work items, and the number of people involved is strongly related to the calendar time to complete a work item. We replicate the analysis of change data in a different organization with a different product and different sites and confirm our main findings. We also report survey results showing differences between same-site and distributed social networks, testing several hypotheses about characteristics of distributed social networks that may be related to delay. We discuss implications of our findings for practices and collaboration technology that have the potential for dramatically speeding distributed software development.
keywords: {Programming;Collaborative work;Social network services;Frequency;Software development management;Delay effects;Calendars;Data analysis;Testing;Collaborative software},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1205177&isnumber=27132


H. Al Hashimi and A. Gravell, "Spikes in Agile Software Development: An Empirical Study," 2020 International Conference on Computational Science and Computational Intelligence (CSCI), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 2020, pp. 1715-1721, doi: 10.1109/CSCI51800.2020.00319.Abstract: Spikes can be an essential component of the agile development cycle, because they assist the teams, for both technical and functional issues, to identify any uncertainty in a user story, leading to a more efficient solution to the problem. The use of spikes in agile software development (ASD) can enable organizations to produce quality software by employing the required technical expertise, planning the entire development cycle and ensuring that the client's requirements are adhered to. This study aims to examine the use of spikes in ASD. It explores the role, efficiency and efficacy of spikes in various software development domains through the different agile methods. An exploratory research design is adopted to achieve this purpose, whereby mixed methods are used to collect concurrently both qualitative and quantitative data from the experts recruited to the study. Through the survey, it establishes that the primary role of spikes is risk management through investigations to understand user stories and reveal any uncertainty. Conclusively, the study findings imply that spikes have become an essential tool for most agile teams in ASD. The efficiency and effectiveness that are reported show that the majority of experts in software development have realized the value of using spikes in their processes. keywords: {Uncertainty;Scientific computing;Agile software development;Organizations;Tools;Software;Planning;Agile;spikes;prototype;risk management;uncertainty},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9458126&isnumber=9457560

G. B. Herwanto, G. Quirchmayr and A. M. Tjoa, "PrivacyStory: Tool Support for Extracting Privacy Requirements from User Stories," 2022 IEEE 30th International Requirements Engineering Conference (RE), Melbourne, Australia, 2022, pp. 264-265, doi: 10.1109/RE54965.2022.00036.Abstract: Privacy by design requires that developers address privacy concerns from the early stage of software development life cycle. It encourages them to take a proactive approach to privacy engineering by identifying personal data, creating conceptual data flow diagrams, and identifying privacy threats. We argue that by providing a tool that automates some of the steps can reduce the burden on development teams. We develop a tool called PrivacyStory, including an end-to-end privacy requirement generation from a set of user stories. The tool provides some automation, utilizing a current state-of-the art natural language processing model. The core aim of our tool is to assist development teams in becoming more agile in their approach to privacy requirements engineering. keywords: {Privacy;Data privacy;Automation;Art;Software;Natural language processing;Requirements engineering;privacy requirements engineering;user story;natural language processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9920066&isnumber=9919889

C. Riedemann and R. Freitag, "Modeling Usage: Techniques and Tools," in IEEE Software, vol. 26, no. 2, pp. 20-24, March-April 2009, doi: 10.1109/MS.2009.41.
Abstract: Usage modeling seeks to provide end users with a usable - that is, effective, efficient, and satisfactory - interactive product. In a usage-centered development process, users must understand what they need to perform their work tasks. Various techniques exist for collecting and documenting what is understood about the user and future system usage. From the wealth of techniques, we've chosen three because they directly describe human-computer interaction, are widely used, and represent rather generic techniques integrated in mainstream (for example, object- oriented or agile) software development. In this paper, we present these techniques in widely used formats. The range of possible (formal) representations - such as diagrams or in formal languages that support these techniques in the later stages of development.
keywords: {Object oriented modeling;Humans;Unified modeling language;Testing;Software tools;Appropriate technology;Best practices;Jacobian matrices;Sorting;Collaborative work;usage-centered development;usability engineering;usage modeling;use case;user story;problem scenario;use scenario;human-computer interaction},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4786947&isnumber=4786937


Shi Zhong, Chen Liping and Chen Tian-en, "Agile planning and development methods," 2011 3rd International Conference on Computer Research and Development, Shanghai, 2011, pp. 488-491, doi: 10.1109/ICCRD.2011.5764064.Abstract: Agile Development is a kind of iterated software development method. Its basic concept is people-centered. Estimate and scheme of Agile Methodologies are different from the traditional ones. Most papers at home and abroad about Agile Development mainly concentrate the contrast and fusion between Agile Development and traditional methods. However, researches about estimate of Agile Development procedure are lesser. This paper introduces basic methods of agile planning based on author's practice experience from two aspects: release plan, estimation of iteration, and then lists three popular agile methodologies: Xp, scrum and crystal. Finally it summarizes the whole paper. keywords: {Programming;Planning;Estimation;Crystals;Software;Computers;Accuracy;agile planning;user story;iteration;XP;scrum;crystal},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5764064&isnumber=5763958

S. Islam, B. B. Pathik, M. H. Khan and M. Habib, "Software test estimation tool: Comparable with COCOMOII model," 2016 IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management (IEEM), Bali, Indonesia, 2016, pp. 204-208, doi: 10.1109/IEEM.2016.7797865.Abstract: This study illustrates an estimation tool for software test that provides the estimated time and the cost of any sort of software test project. There are different well-recognized estimation tools for software development process [9], however, there remains a lack of standard tools for estimation of Software Test phase. Therefore, the authors developed a web base tool (www.4beats.net/tpet/) in order to determine the time and cost of projects. This paper highlights the comparable result with COCOMOII (Constructive Cost Model) model. More than 22 projects are already estimated by this open tool and from them 5 case projects, namely, Climate Resilient Ecosystems and Livelihood (CREL), Management Accounts Consolidation System for Line Director (LDMACS), PBI (Police Bureau of Investigations) Works Management System Software, PBI Mobile Apps and Human Resources Management System (HRMS) have selected. This paper would play a vital role to estimate time and cost for software test project and be beneficial for the software industry. keywords: {Estimation;Software;Planning;Productivity;Testing;Analytical models;Weight measurement;Test Estimation;Use Cases;Functions;Cost Estimation;Time Estimation;User Story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7797865&isnumber=7797819

N. Negara and E. Stroulia, "Automated Acceptance Testing of JavaScript Web Applications," 2012 19th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Kingston, ON, Canada, 2012, pp. 318-322, doi: 10.1109/WCRE.2012.41.Abstract: Acceptance testing is an important part of software development and it is performed to ensure that a system delivers its required functionalities. Today, most modern interactive web applications are designed using Web 2.0 technologies, many among them relying on JavaScript. JavaScript enables the development of client-side functionality through the dynamic modification of the web-page's content and structure without calls to the server. This implies that server-side testing frameworks will necessarily fail to test the complete application behaviors. In this paper we present a method for automated acceptance testing of JavaScript web applications to ensure that required functionalities have been implemented. Using an intuitive, human-readable scripting language our method allows users to describe user stories in high level declarative test scripts and to then execute these test scripts on a web application using an automated website crawler. We also describe a case study that evaluates our approach in terms of capabilities to translate user stories in automated acceptance test scripts. keywords: {Testing;Browsers;Web pages;USA Councils;User interfaces;HTML;Java;Acceptance testing;JavaScript;Automated Testing;Crawling;Ajax;Web testing;User Story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6385127&isnumber=6385088

V. Gaur, A. Soni and P. Bedi, "An Application of Multi-Person Decision-Making Model for Negotiating and Prioritizing Requirements in Agent-Oriented Paradigm," 2010 International Conference on Data Storage and Data Engineering, Bangalore, India, 2010, pp. 164-168, doi: 10.1109/DSDE.2010.59.Abstract: Agent-oriented software development is a recent paradigm of analyzing, designing and developing software systems that aims to develop a system as a collection of autonomous interacting agents. Agent-oriented requirement engineering models requirements of a system in terms of goals and tasks that various software agents would achieve to accomplish the goals of that system. In an agent based project, various stakeholders may have different concerns and priorities over implementation of various agents due to time and budget constraints. Also, the requirements of stakeholders are often subjective and are accompanied with vagueness and uncertainty. This paper therefore utilizes fuzzy decision model named as Multi-Person Decision-Making Model to negotiate and integrate the requirements of various stakeholders. This integrated set of requirements facilitates the developers in prioritizing and deciding which agents are viable to achieve in the limited constraints. keywords: {Decision making;Software agents;Time factors;Uncertainty;Multiagent systems;Computational modeling;Memory;Data engineering;Application software;Computer science;User Story Card (USC);Agent Card (AC);Multi-Agent System (MAS);Goal Points;Agent Points},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5452611&isnumber=5452484

H. Sarvaiya and M. Jahan, "AI-Assisted System Design: Improving Sequence Diagrams Through Use Case Scenarios," 2025 IEEE Canadian Conference on Electrical and Computer Engineering (CCECE), Vancouver, BC, Canada, 2025, pp. 638-642, doi: 10.1109/CCECE64018.2025.11364364.Abstract: This paper explores two AI-driven approaches for transforming user stories (USs) into sequence diagrams (SDs). Pipeline A directly converts USs into SDs, while Pipeline B introduces an intermediate step of generating use case scenarios. Both pipelines leverage OpenAI’s GPT-4 model to automate these tasks. Ten user stories were processed through both pipelines and evaluated for accuracy, clarity, efficiency, and scalability. Pipeline B’s use of intermediate use case scenarios significantly improved the quality and detail of SDs while maintaining logical consistency and reducing ambiguity. These findings demonstrate the potential of AI-assisted tools to streamline software development, enhance collaboration, and make technical workflows accessible to non-technical stakeholders. While promising, challenges such as computational overhead and reliance on language models require further research. This study lays the groundwork for integrating AI into model-driven engineering, advancing efficiency and collaboration in software design. keywords: {Accuracy;Scalability;Large language models;Computational modeling;Pipelines;Collaboration;Chatbots;Model driven engineering;Stakeholders;Software development management;Large Language Models;Sequence Diagram;User Story;Use Case Scenario;ChatGPT},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11364364&isnumber=11364347

L. Zia, Yixin Diao, C. Ward and K. Bhattacharya, "Using mixed integer programming to schedule it change requests," NOMS 2008 - 2008 IEEE Network Operations and Management Symposium, Salvador, Brazil, 2008, pp. 895-898, doi: 10.1109/NOMS.2008.4575241.Abstract: Change management is viewed as one of the most important processes in IT management with the main challenge of scheduling the change requests. That is, given a set of change requests for different parts of an IT system, how one should schedule changes to minimize the costs and risks of service delivery. In this paper, we approach the change request scheduling problem using a simple optimization model and consider both deterministic and stochastic cases. We show that these models can be converted to the Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) framework for which promising solution techniques exist. We conclude the work with an illustrative example as an instance of our model. keywords: {Linear programming;Job shop scheduling;Stochastic processes;Costs;Scheduling algorithm;Environmental management;Books;Engineering management;Libraries;Process control},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4575241&isnumber=4575087

H. Mollah and P. van den Bos, "From User Stories to End-to-end Web Testing," 2023 IEEE International Conference on Software Testing, Verification and Validation Workshops (ICSTW), Dublin, Ireland, 2023, pp. 140-148, doi: 10.1109/ICSTW58534.2023.00036.Abstract: In agile development of web applications, user stories are a common aid to develop the software. In this paper, we exploit this for deriving test cases from these user stories, to check and ensure the functioning of the application. Our step-by-step method is based on a literature review and interviews with professional testers. Besides steps for transforming user stories into test cases, the method also includes guidelines to select user stories beforehand, and guidelines on how to implement automatically executable test cases, afterwards. We demonstrate the method’s applicability with case studies on three web applications from different application domains. keywords: {Software testing;Codes;Bibliographies;Conferences;Software;Interviews;Guidelines;user story;end-to-end test;web application;agile software development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10132261&isnumber=10132158

B. Marapelli, A. Carie and S. M. N. Islam, "RNN-CNN MODEL:A Bi-directional Long Short-Term Memory Deep Learning Network For Story Point Estimation," 2020 5th International Conference on Innovative Technologies in Intelligent Systems and Industrial Applications (CITISIA), Sydney, Australia, 2020, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/CITISIA50690.2020.9371770.Abstract: In recent years, an increased interest in the adaption of agile software development by companies. Using iterative methodology enables them to do issue-based estimation and respond quickly to changes in the requirements. Agile methodology adopts Story Point Approach to estimate the effort that involves a user story or a resolving issue. Unlike traditional estimation, Agile Methodology focuses on individual programming task estimation instead of whole project estimation. In this work, we approach story point estimation using the RNN-CNN model. We consider the contextual information in a user story in both forward and backward directions to build the RNN-CNN model. The proposed model adopts a Bi-directional Long Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM), a tree-structured Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) with Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), tries to predict a story point for a user story description. Here, BiLSTM forward and backward feature learning will make network preserve the sequence data and CNN makes feature extraction accurate. The experimental results show the improvement in estimating the story points with a user story as an input using the proposed RNN-CNN. Furthermore, the analysis shows that the proposed RNN-CNN model outperforms the existing model and gives 74.2 % R2 Score on the Bamboo data set. keywords: {Analytical models;Estimation;Bidirectional control;Predictive models;Feature extraction;Data models;Numerical models;Agile Software Development;Bi-directional Long Short-Term Memory;CNN;Deep Learning;RNN;Story Point Estimation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9371770&isnumber=9371769

C. Tona, R. Juárez-Ramírez, S. Jiménez and F. Murillo-Muñoz, "Q-Story: An Ontology-Based on Quality of User Stories in Scrum. A Quantitative Assessment," 2023 11th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), León, Guanajuato, Mexico, 2023, pp. 55-64, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT58849.2023.00017.Abstract: Q-Story ontology was created utilizing the Methontology approach and further represented through the Meta Object Facility (MOF) and Unified Modeling Language (UML). Because aspects such as their structure, level of granularity, and comprehensibility hold considerable signifi-cance in ensuring a favorable project execution. That is, the quality of user stories significantly impacts the outcome of a software project, influencing its success or failure. Therefore, we performed a quantitative evaluation using the OntoQA method, resulting in a relationship richness value of 0.95, an attribute richness of 4.00, and an inheritance richness of 1.26. The outcome of this work will contribute to developing an ontology that can effectively create user stories with quality. Furthermore, it will serve as a valuable guide for development teams, aiding them in the creation, analysis, and development processes of user stories. keywords: {Technological innovation;Unified modeling language;Ontologies;Software;Software engineering;Ontology;Quantitative Assessment;Quality Met-rics;Software Engineering;User Story;Ontology Quality Evaluation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10568296&isnumber=10568254

S. Alyahya, M. Alqahtani and M. Maddeh, "Evaluation and improvements for agile planning tools," 2016 IEEE 14th International Conference on Software Engineering Research, Management and Applications (SERA), Towson, MD, USA, 2016, pp. 217-224, doi: 10.1109/SERA.2016.7516149.Abstract: Planning is an integral part of agile software project management. Several agile software planning tools were developed; they grow in number and complexity. Our analysis of 30 of the most known agile planning tools shows that while the majority of them support the key agile planning activities, they still have limitations. In this paper, we presented three limitations to the current agile planning tools and we developed three features to overcome them. A questionnaire is used to evaluate the identified limitations and the proposed features. The evaluation shows that the identified limitations are sound and exist in the real software projects. In addition, most of the participants agree about how to implement the first and second proposed features (providing task effort notification and improving user story prioritization). The evaluation of the third feature (adding new user story/re-prioritize user story by customer) shows that the simple implementation provided for this feature is not sufficient and, hence, there is a need for a more thorough study to best involve customers through agile planning tools. This research contributes in developing advanced agile planning tools supporting the key agile planning activities. keywords: {Planning;Software;Complexity theory;Capacity planning;Customer satisfaction;Information systems;Software Development;Agile;Planning;Tools},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7516149&isnumber=7516114

P. Pisal, N. Gupta, R. R. Ambavaram, A. Jadhav and P. K. R. Mahendran, "CodeProphet: A Predictive LLM Based Framework for Proactive Software Development Planning," 2025 3rd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, and Internet of Things (AIBThings), Mt Pleasant, MI, USA, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/AIBThings66987.2025.11296271.Abstract: We introduce Code Prophet, a new framework powered by large language models (lLMs) that transforms highlevel problem statements into structured, sprint-ready software development plans. Unlike traditional tools dependent on explicit input, Code Prophet provides indicated and latent requirements by combining GPT-3.5, a conditional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), and contextual trend analysis. The multi-stage architecture includes a GPT-3.5 + GAN fusion for user story generation, a Graph Neural Network (GNN) for dependencyconscious task planning, and a Boost-based time estimate with Sentence-BERT-driven developer profiling. Trained on a rich, multimodal annotated dataset that supports Code Prophet’s realtime, interactive planning via IDE-integrated agents. Experimental results show significant gains in story completeness, contextual relevance, and planning precision over baselines, positioning Code Prophet as a forward-looking co-creator in the software engineering lifecycle. keywords: {Codes;Large language models;Trend analysis;Transforms;Generative adversarial networks;Graph neural networks;Software;Planning;Software development management;Software engineering;Large Language Models;Generative Adversarial Networks;Graph Neural Networks;Software Project Planning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11296271&isnumber=11296142

M. S. Murtazina and T. V. Avdeenko, "Ontology-Based Approach to the Requirements Engineering in Agile Environment," 2018 XIV International Scientific-Technical Conference on Actual Problems of Electronics Instrument Engineering (APEIE), Novosibirsk, Russia, 2018, pp. 496-501, doi: 10.1109/APEIE.2018.8546144.Abstract: The paper proposes an ontological approach to the requirements engineering in Agile environment. The key features of requirements engineering for agile project management of software product development are analyzed. A brief overview of the possibilities of using ontologies for intellectual support of the process of requirements engineering in Agile environment is given. Understanding stakeholder needs, prioritizing requirements, and assessing implementation risks are vital tasks for software development projects. Based on the analysis of scientific publications, it is concluded that it is necessary to create an ontology for a comprehensive assessment of requirements in the agile projects. The developed ontology accumulates knowledge about the criteria for assessing the quality of user stories, about requirements artifacts, types of requirements. The structure of the user story is represented by the ontology classes. The ontology includes axioms determining the quality of user story wording, the definition of priority and the risk of user stories based on the matrix approach. Also, the ontology allows you to trace the relationships of user stories with sources of requirements, non-functional requirements, product versions, which include requirements, scenarios that reveal user stories. Classes that reflect scenarios are developed in accordance with the technique of behavior-based development, in which Gherkin notation is used to develop scenarios. keywords: {Ontologies;Software;Requirements engineering;Stakeholders;Writing;Semantics;User story;Gherkin notation;ontology;agile development;requirements engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8546144&isnumber=8545018

B. Alawaji, M. Hakami and B. Alshemaimri, "Evaluating Generative Language Models with Prompt Engineering for Categorizing User Stories to its Sector Domains," 2024 IEEE 9th International Conference for Convergence in Technology (I2CT), Pune, India, 2024, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/I2CT61223.2024.10544242.Abstract: In Agile software development, user stories capture requirements through a concise, user-centric approach. Manual categorization of these stories is both labor-intensive and error-prone. This study addresses the gap in existing research by exploring the application of generative language models, specifically GPT-style models, with prompt engineering for user story categorization.Our research introduces experiments utilizing two generative language models, gpt-3.5-turbo and Llama-2-chat-hf, emphasizing innovative prompt engineering. The evaluation of gpt-3.5-turbo and Llama-2-chat-hf demonstrates commendable performance in zero-shot experiments. Notably, gpt-3.5-turbo outperforms in few-shot prompting with a higher F-score of 67.93%. The gpt-3.5-turbo showcased superior compliance with instructions compared to Llama-2-chat-hf. The study underscores the promising capability of generative language models, with prompt engineering, to automate user story categorization effectively.This work contributes to the potential of automating user story categorization in low-resource settings, showcasing how leveraging LLMs can enhance accuracy and streamline the categorization process in software development, ultimately leading to more efficient outcomes. keywords: {Smart homes;Manuals;Syntactics;Software;Robustness;Data models;Requirements engineering;requirements engineering;user stories;prompt engineering;generative language models;text classification;software development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10544242&isnumber=10543223

