B. M. Samuel, H. Bala, S. L. Daniel and V. Ramesh, "Deconstructing the Nature of Collaboration in Organizations Open Source Software Development: The Impact of Developer and Task Characteristics," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 48, no. 10, pp. 3969-3987, 1 Oct. 2022, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2021.3108935.
Abstract: One opportunity for organizations to participate in open source software (OSS) development is through organizations OSS (orgsOSS), a term we use to describe a group of organizations that commit resources to collectively develop OSS. This archetype of OSS development is distinct from other types that include organizations, yet is understudied. As organizations increasingly contribute to and rely on OSS as part of their strategy, understanding how they can collaborate to build software holds importance for the future of software development. This study collects a unique dataset of development tasks from a large orgsOSS project spanning over two years and seven releases. Building on existing OSS research, we explore norms with respect to collaboration, i.e., how developers assign, discuss, and complete tasks, in an orgsOSS project. Interestingly, our analysis reveals that developers in orgsOSS do not always adhere to ideals of widespread sharing and participation espoused by traditional OSS, however some developer and task characteristics helped foster these ideals. Based on these and other findings, we develop a set of propositions and associated collaboration mechanisms that are important to future orgsOSS and other similarly structured software development projects.
keywords: {Organizations;Task analysis;Collaboration;Open source software;Standards organizations;Information systems;Writing;Software development;task time clarity;organizations open source software development;open source software collaboration;open source software;task assignment;task criticality},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9527064&isnumber=9923560


A. Lamersdorf, "Empirically-Based Decision Support for Task Allocation in Global Software Development," 2009 Fourth IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Limerick, Ireland, 2009, pp. 281-284, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2009.38.Abstract: Task allocation will be supported by developing models for evaluating assignments. The models are extensions of existing project management models and based on empirical studies. keywords: {Programming;Costs;Project management;Software engineering;Cultural differences;Proposals;Outsourcing;Globalization;Global communication;Productivity;Project management for global software development;task allocation;empirical software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5196944&isnumber=5196905

W. Aslam and F. Ijaz, "A Quantitative Framework for Task Allocation in Distributed Agile Software Development," in IEEE Access, vol. 6, pp. 15380-15390, 2018, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2018.2803685.
Abstract: Distributed agile software development is a promising paradigm, addressing the necessities of emergent software application markets that are described by huge user base and small time to market characteristics. A key decision involved during the development process, is task allocation to team members. An appropriate task-member assignment facilitates project management, lessens the complexities and influences chances of project success. Task allocation becomes a more challenging activity in a distributed agile software development due to insufficient understanding of different factors and dependencies involved. We propose a task allocation framework comprising of two phases: one, identifying factors and dependencies that strongly influence the task allocation decision; two, proposing a quantitative method that allocates tasks to team members who best match the task requirements. Task requirements are expressed as capabilities, catering for different aspects, such as technical, personal, and environment. Our method stays transparent to the targeted objectives, in this case the best match. Other objectives, such as quality and cost may be introduced conveniently; even multiple objectives can be addressed. Such a method also allows quality evaluation of task-member assignment during and after the project completion, toward minimizing related risks.
keywords: {Task analysis;Resource management;Software;Object oriented modeling;Agile software development;Tools;Load modeling;Software engineering;Agile software development;distributed software development;task allocation method;task allocation framework},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8294060&isnumber=8274985


L. A. Kutsenok and Y. A. Korablev, "Implementationof Named Entity Recognition Method in Information Technology for Analyzing Software Development Tasks," 2023 V International Conference on Control in Technical Systems (CTS), Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation, 2023, pp. 199-201, doi: 10.1109/CTS59431.2023.10288867.Abstract: This paper describes the implementation of named entity recognition (NER) for analyzing software development tasks. It describes the main methods for analyzing the workload of IT companies’ employees, as well as NER technologies, libraries and frameworks that can be used to extract information about named entities from Russian text data. This paper proposes approaches to implementing development task analysis, which helps to improve planning, project management, and reduce software development time. keywords: {Analytical models;Project management;Process control;Software;Data models;Libraries;Planning;named entity recognition (NER);software development task analysis;NER libraries;DeepPavlov;natural language processing techniques;information extraction;project planning;project management;reducing development time},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10288867&isnumber=10288644

L. A. Kutsenok and Y. A. Korablev, "The Problem of Developing Automated Project Estimation Methods in Software Engineering," 2024 Conference of Young Researchers in Electrical and Electronic Engineering (ElCon), Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation, 2024, pp. 409-413, doi: 10.1109/ElCon61730.2024.10468355.Abstract: The development of automated project estimation methods in software engineering is a pressing challenge with far-reaching implications for the industry. Accurate project estimation is fundamental to effective project planning, budgeting, and resource allocation, due to raising number of IT projects everyday it is necessary to reduce manual labor for project managers and automate a subset of tasks in project analysis and estimation. By surveying existing research and best practices, this paper aims to combine the results of development of recent technologies with new approaches of solving the problem. keywords: {Analytical models;Estimation;Pressing;Software;Data models;Planning;Resource management;Project planning;Project management;Reducing development time;Agile Methodologies;User Stories Analysis;Data-Driven Decision Making;Named entity recognition (NER);Software development task analysis;NER libraries;DeepPavlov;Natural language processing (NLP);Information extraction;Introduction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10468355&isnumber=10468070

X. Luo, Z. Wang and Y. Liu, "Bi-level programming model to ticket price of Lan-xin high-speed railway based on competitive perspective," 2016 International Conference on Logistics, Informatics and Service Sciences (LISS), Sydney, NSW, Australia, 2016, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/LISS.2016.7854447.Abstract: By analyzed the transport mode division of Lan-xin Corridor, and according to the way each passenger transport products that can provided by different modes, the transport modes competition was classified as passenger transport product competition. On this basis, built the bi-level programming model of passenger fares in Lanzhou to Xinjiang high-speed railway based on products competition: the upper level aims to maximize the railway revenue and lower level aims to minimize the passengers cost under the various conditions of passenger transport products and improved particle swarm algorithm be used to solve the model. The results show that the real fare of the first class and the second class is lower than the optimal results, and the fare can be adjusted timely according to the conditions of passenger flow cultivation in the subsequent operation. keywords: {Rail transportation;Programming;Mathematical model;Approximation algorithms;Algorithm design and analysis;Linear programming;Transport Corridor;Transportation modes;Passenger transport products;Ticket price;Competitions;Bi-level programming model},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7854447&isnumber=7854323

Y. Ma and Z. Jiang, "Task-Oriented Analysis and Design Method for Developing PLC Programs for Mechanical System Control," 2010 International Conference on Measuring Technology and Mechatronics Automation, Changsha, China, 2010, pp. 726-729, doi: 10.1109/ICMTMA.2010.635.Abstract: To reduce the difficulties in developing PLC based control software for mechanical system, an approach named task-oriented analysis and design (TOAD) is proposed. TOAD emphasizes task centric and model centric developing process. By their property, control tasks are classified as private-sequential task, global-real-time task and asynchronous-concurrent task. The classification prompts developers to find tasks and to analyze a system. Hierarchical modeling method is presented. Intertask communication and multitask scheduling method is given. The method is demonstrated using a case study of elevator control software. By encapsulating the tasks into subroutines, and by means of setting or resetting the enable input bit of the subroutines to enable or disable the subroutines to be executed or not to dispatch the tasks, a structured and time-efficient program is developed, which can be reused as a framework of the PLC software for mechanical system control. keywords: {Design methodology;Programmable control;Mechanical systems;Control systems;Object oriented modeling;Automatic control;Elevators;Unified modeling language;Control system synthesis;Lighting control;control systems;software development;task-oriented;PLC;framework},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5458999&isnumber=5458488

K. Matsuo and S. Anzawa, "Work in progress — Project practices of agile software development for undergraduate students," 2010 IEEE Frontiers in Education Conference (FIE), Arlington, VA, USA, 2010, pp. S2D-1-S2D-2, doi: 10.1109/FIE.2010.5673161.Abstract: As information system becomes core infrastructure of our society, the size and complexity of software products increase rapidly. So dependable and efficient software development methods are demanded and new methods such as an agile method are introduced. It is, however, not easy to teach and excise processes of software development. Most of undergraduate students in computer and software engineering courses are busy for mastering basic programming skills and for understanding computer and DB systems. There is almost no room for learning skills for software development in Japan. There are, however, always some percentages of students who can easily master basic skills and knowledge and are ready to learn more. So we decided to start a project practices as an extracurricular activity. The project is aimed for students to learn an agile method and actual experiences of group development processes. In this presentation we report our work in progress of extracurricular activities for project practices of agile software development to highly-motivated undergraduate students. keywords: {Programming profession;Software;Book reviews;Computers;Conferences;Testing;Agile method;extracurricular project;extreme programming;ticket driven development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5673161&isnumber=5673102

J. Li and L. Wang, "Microscopic simulation on ticket office of large scale railway passenger station," 7th Advanced Forum on Transportation of China (AFTC 2011), Beijing, China, 2011, pp. 41-47, doi: 10.1049/cp.2011.1374.Abstract: In order to accurately value the performance and service level of ticket office of large scale railway passenger station, the passenger behavior characteristics of ticketing process were analyzed and the simulation conceptual model on ticket office was presented. The model of the ticketing individual behavior logic and quantitative indicators were developed based on SIMIO simulation software from the microscopic view. Taking the south ticket office of Dalian Railway Station as an example, three experiment schemes were designed. Simulation result shows that there were significant differences in the output performance indexes between the three programs with the same input. The simulation based on the individual behavior reproduces the self-organization phenomenon successfully, the 95% confidence interval of ticketed passenger number is [13778, 13986], so the situation of ticketed passenger number in traditional method exceeds the practical scope is avoided. keywords: {traffic transportation;railway passenger station;ticket office;behaviour characteristic;microscopic simulation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6232041&isnumber=6232033

S. Poomrittigul, A. Koomsubsiri, P. Sasithong, D. Deenuch and L. Wuttisittikulkij, "The Simulation of Queuing Model for Bangkok Rapid Transit Train Ticket System Using Python," 2019 34th International Technical Conference on Circuits/Systems, Computers and Communications (ITC-CSCC), JeJu, Korea (South), 2019, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ITC-CSCC.2019.8793309.Abstract: This paper proposes the simulation model for ticket system of Bangkok rapid transit train. The proposed analysis model is applied by using queuing theory to analyze main queuing delay problem rapid transit train ticket machines. This analysis model has been developed by using python programming language to create software tool for analyzing the existing ticket system comparing with the desire variable condition or redesign the ticket system. Since, proposed software tool use for analyze the effect of existing ticket system by modification to visualize the queuing, delay time, waiting time and etc. The software tool with the simulation model can visualize the 2D animation results and graph for analyzation. The proposed analysis model could be used to any rapid transit train ticket system for impact analysis own existing ticket system. keywords: {Queueing analysis;Analytical models;Software tools;Delays;Python;Numerical models;Animation;Simulation Model;Queuing Theory;Bangkok rapid transit;train ticket system;software tool},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8793309&isnumber=8793289

T. -M. Grønli, A. Lakhan and S. Memon, "A Novel BIBO Automated Ticketing System Based on Blockchain Mobile Sensors for Public Transport Modes," 2024 IEEE 99th Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC2024-Spring), Singapore, Singapore, 2024, pp. 01-05, doi: 10.1109/VTC2024-Spring62846.2024.10683170.Abstract: This paper proposes a novel Be-in and Be-Out (BIBO) automated ticketing system based on blockchain mobile sensors for public transport modes (e.g., metro, tram, train, and bus). The existing Bluetooth and GPS-integrated BIBO suffering from fraud may involve users deliberately turning off their Bluetooth connection during a trip to deceive the system into charging a reduced fare. Even if Bluetooth is turned off or there is a loss of mobile ticketing connection, the system can still gather sufficient location data to compute fares. However, this becomes impossible if a user's phone is powered off. This paper tackled these issues and suggested a blockchain-enabled BIBO mobile sensors-enabled automated system based on socket programming for public transport. We aim to generate BIBO automated ticketing based on mobile sensors without Bluetooth and GPS while boarding public transport. This paper presents the blockchain mobile ticketing system (BMTS-BIBO) algorithm, which consists of different steps to solve the problem. We trained the ticketing model based on a deep convolutional neural network (DCNN) and integrated it with socket programming based on the application. Simulation results show that the BMTS-BIBO algorithm outperformed and obtained 98% BIBO ticketing without GPS and Bluetooth. keywords: {Bluetooth;Sockets;Simulation;Programming;Sensor systems;Sensors;Blockchains;BIBO;Scheduling;Activities;Ticketing;Automated;Validation;CNN},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10683170&isnumber=10682819

N. Pradana, F. Josua, G. F. Amir and M. A. Dewi, "Optimization of Ticket Handling Process through Helpdesk Application System Design," 2023 8th International Conference on Business and Industrial Research (ICBIR), Bangkok, Thailand, 2023, pp. 922-926, doi: 10.1109/ICBIR57571.2023.10147587.Abstract: Technology facilitates every company activity, including unifying device functionality. An information system built to help provide a checklist of tools, tasks, and procedures. PT Bach Multi Global (BMG) is a Manage Service provider company related to Indosat Ooredoo Hutchinson (IOH) electrical problems. BMG is responsible for handling electrical issues in each IOH Tower, which are spread across 30,000 towers nationwide. In one month, there are around more than 300,000 Trouble Tickets issued to be resolved. This study builds a system that can facilitate the completion of tickets. RAD (Rapid Application Development) used as System development method with UML (Unified Modeling Language) as a software development tool to help simplify the steps that must be carried out. PHP as the programming language & MySQL as the database. This research produces an information system that can be used to optimize progress, ticket status and minimize errors in recording issued tickets and facilitate reporting. keywords: {Databases;Unified modeling language;Poles and towers;Companies;Software;Recording;Task analysis;Optimization;ticket handling;helpdesk system;service provider;report},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10147587&isnumber=10147394

F. Firdaus Turnip and A. Turnip, "Development of Online Ticket Booking Application for Ferry Crossing Website Based in Toba Lake Area," 2020 3rd International Conference on Mechanical, Electronics, Computer, and Industrial Technology (MECnIT), Medan, Indonesia, 2020, pp. 381-385, doi: 10.1109/MECnIT48290.2020.9166636.Abstract: Tourist area of Lake Toba is one of the international class destinations in Indonesia. It is time to improve the quality of Lake Toba through the development of infrastructure based on information technology. Every holiday arrives, the queue of cars for ferry ticket crossing to Samosir Island becomes very congested. The problem is, tickets are only given to passengers who have a car to avoid the practice of brokers while on the other hand the number of ferry and capacity is very limited. Conventional ticket reservations usually have waiting times ranging from 5-10 hours. This study aims to build ticket reservations online. The application development model used was the waterfall model. The design of data flow in an online ticket booking system application uses a structured approach, which was visually illustrated with Context and Data Flow Diagrams. The programming language used was PHP with the Laravel 5.7 framework using the MVC concept. Website design uses a CSS framework called Bootstrap and JQuery Javascript Library. RDBMS used was MySQL with XAMPP tools. Online ticket system simulation test results show the passenger waiting time was only about 1 to 2 hours. keywords: {Hands;Schedules;Lakes;Real-time systems;Libraries;Systems simulation;Automobiles;Information technology;System analysis and design;Testing;tourist area;toba lake;queue;ticket reservation;waterfall model;framework;laravel;website},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9166636&isnumber=9166588

T. Omori and A. Ohnishi, "Supporting Software Development Task Understanding by Visualizing Operation History," 2021 IEEE/ACIS 19th International Conference on Software Engineering Research, Management and Applications (SERA), Kanazawa, Japan, 2021, pp. 73-80, doi: 10.1109/SERA51205.2021.9509043.Abstract: Edit operation history of source code can be used to understand how the software has been developed. However, since such an edit history is enormous, it is effective to first grasp the outline of development and then look at the details, although existing tools do not well support the process. In this paper, we propose Edited Method Highlight (EMH), which extends an existing operation replay tool called OperationReplayer to support understanding of development tasks by visualizing the recorded operation history. The visualization shows the transition of edited parts (classes and methods) and specific types of operations (debugging and committing) on the timeline displayed in the replay tool. We conducted a preliminary experiment to examine whether users could share a common understanding of task outlines. The result shows they reported task kinds with similar word sets while reported time stamps of task boundaries and word sets for developed functions in each task were various. This paper also discusses several success and failure factors to reach common understanding of development tasks. keywords: {Debugging;Tools;Software;History;Task analysis;Software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9509043&isnumber=9509031

M. Malkawi and R. Alhajj, "Real-time web-based International Flight Tickets Recommendation System via Apache Spark," 2023 IEEE 24th International Conference on Information Reuse and Integration for Data Science (IRI), Bellevue, WA, USA, 2023, pp. 279-282, doi: 10.1109/IRI58017.2023.00055.Abstract: Traveling by airplane has become more popular with advanced technology. The tickets can be booked effortlessly via airlines corporation’s online platforms. However, recommending the best airline ticket according to the buyer’s demands is a challenging task owing to the unexpected fluctuations in the price depending on various reasons. Traditional recommender suggestions are optimized for predicting the price for a specific time or estimating the period of the lowest price. However, considering the sudden changes is an essential matter to increase the accuracy. In this work, we present a web-based real-time system to recommend the most suitable ticket regardless of the continuous changes in the prices. Apache Spark has been used to analyze the data obtained from the international airline web pages. Besides the ease of use of the system, it helps the customer to buy the flight ticket at the lowest price for the desired period and destination. Based on the proposed model, using Python programming language, Flask web server, and Apache Spark, we design and implement the international ticket recommendation system with the MVC design pattern. keywords: {Fluctuations;Web pages;Cluster computing;Real-time systems;Web servers;Rough surfaces;Task analysis;Apache Spark;real-time recommendation;international airline ticket;airfare price;web-based system},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10229425&isnumber=10229323

Z. Zhi-yang, L. Jin-lin and R. Lun, "Airline inventory control of callable tickets based on real option," 2010 International Conference on Management Science & Engineering 17th Annual Conference Proceedings, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, 2010, pp. 135-140, doi: 10.1109/ICMSE.2010.5719796.Abstract: It is extremely important for airlines to study the flexible seat inventory control issues to prevent flight revenue from spoiled due to inaccurate prediction of air passenger demand. This paper provided a novel capacity control method based on real option and showed how airlines may be considered as the holder of callable tickets. In a fully competitive market, a partial differential equation model was used to describe the financial aspects of the capacity of callable tickets. Based on the new method, the tickets' capacity has been decided using finite difference method; the amount of callable tickets sold has been calculated using an integral linear programming. Meanwhile, based on this paper presents a model to optimize the quantity of the callable ticket. Such capacity model was much better than the method that without option into consideration. keywords: {Mathematical model;Atmospheric modeling;Silicon;Airplanes;Inventory control;Equations;Industries;revenue management;real option;callable tickets;inventory control},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5719796&isnumber=5719775

Y. Chen, Y. Tan and G. Wang, "Ticket Allocation Model on High-Speed Railway Considering Stop Plan," 2020 World Conference on Computing and Communication Technologies (WCCCT), Warsaw, Poland, 2020, pp. 37-41, doi: 10.1109/WCCCT49810.2020.9169998.Abstract: The ticket allocation is a significant method of rational use of long-distance ticket resources on the premise of considering the demand of passengers. A reasonable method of allocating tickets is to meet the passenger demands and complete the transportation tasks as much as possible on the basis of limited resources. From the perspective of passengers, this paper establishes a model of ticket allocation for highspeed railway. The objective function is set to be the highest passenger load factor for all relevant trains, which considers the impact of different stop plan and fluctuations in passenger demand. In order to ensure the balanced utilization of train resources while considering the overall passenger load factor, the model also introduces a constraint on the passenger load factor of a single train. Aiming at the linear integer programming model established in this paper, the case is designed and obtain the train ticket allocation scheme. It is showed that the model has good practicability. keywords: {Integer programming;Fluctuations;Transportation;Rail transportation;Software;Communications technology;Resource management;high-speed railway;ticket allocation;stop plan;passenger load factor},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9169998&isnumber=9169986

M. A. Al-Mohsen and A. S. Abbas, "Use Crowdsourcing in Software Engineering for The Development of The Website," 2021 7th International Conference on Contemporary Information Technology and Mathematics (ICCITM), Mosul, Iraq, 2021, pp. 88-92, doi: 10.1109/ICCITM53167.2021.9677860.Abstract: The significance of the study lies in the crowdsourcing tool that supports software engineering tasks externally by different, unidentified groups of people who send ideas and opinions over the Internet. Software engineering Crowdsourcing global online work scheduling software engineering tasks such as requirements extraction, requirements analysis, design, testing, and coding is the basic principle or idea of requirements engineering. The impact of software engineering crowdsourcing has increased in recent years due to the clear and visible impact that has touched and worked on multiple aspects of software engineering. In this study, a search was conducted to obtain crowdsourcing opinions about one of the important and commonly used Iraqi sites from different groups, ages, and specialties, in which about (151) people participated to express their opinion by answering (9) questions with the word yes or no, because the questions are of an answering style Easy, simple and fast, for the purpose of extracting the required and useful information for engineering requirements, which serves as the basis for project planning. These methods are used in the thesis concept for data mining using classification techniques to discover unknown categories of data. This includes decision trees, Logistic Regression, random forests Classifier, and k-nearest neighbor algorithm, with an evaluation of each method showing the best result using classification techniques that were the best result using the 98% decision trees and random forests Classifier technique while is more than adequate. Work on the same data set. keywords: {Crowdsourcing;Software algorithms;Training data;Classification algorithms;Data mining;Task analysis;Random forests;Crowdsourcing;software engineer;software quality;software task},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9677860&isnumber=9677570

A. Alsri, S. Almuhammadi and S. Mahmood, "A model for work distribution in global software development based on machine learning techniques," 2014 Science and Information Conference, London, UK, 2014, pp. 399-403, doi: 10.1109/SAI.2014.6918218.Abstract: Global Software Development (GSD) initiative aims to facilitate software development process by providing access to skilled workers at a relatively low cost and 24/7 software development model. Previous work suggests that half of the companies that have tried GSD have failed to realize the anticipated outcomes which have resulted in poor outsourcing relationships, high costs and overall poor software products. One critical factor for successful GSD projects is the allocation of tasks as project managers not only need to consider their workforce but also need to take into the account the characteristics of the geographically distributed sites and their relationships. In this paper, we present a task allocation model based on neural network that identifies a fit site for a given task and then finds related sites to the fit site. The related sites can be used as alternatives to the fit site or as additional sites to run more tasks in parallel. The proposed model provides project managers with a list of potential sites for the given tasks to select the appropriate GSD sites. We also discuss and evaluate the proposed task allocation model compared with other approaches. keywords: {Resource management;Software;Euclidean distance;Biological neural networks;Outsourcing;Training data;Global software development;task allocation;work assignment;neural networks},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6918218&isnumber=6918164

N. Nascimento, P. Alencar and D. Cowan, "An Approach to Support Human-in-the-Loop Big Data Software Development Projects," 2021 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data), Orlando, FL, USA, 2021, pp. 2319-2326, doi: 10.1109/BigData52589.2021.9671670.Abstract: There is a lack of approaches and tools to support the development of projects in which humans and machines (e.g., machine learning algorithms) need to collaborate to achieve a specified goal. Specifically, given a set of software development tasks to develop a project collaboratively, how can these tasks be assigned to humans or machines to perform each task most efficiently and effectively? Such understanding is essential to support new methodologies for developing human-in-the-loop approaches in which machine learning automated procedures assist software developers in achieving their tasks. This paper describes our work in progress towards providing an approach to guide the assignment of tasks in developing human-in-the-loop big data (science) software development projects. The paper provides several contributions, including the provision of (i) a human-in-the-loop approach for the development of big data software development projects; (ii) the application of the approach to two case studies; (iii) a discussion of implications and research opportunities. keywords: {Machine learning algorithms;Automation;Conferences;Computer architecture;Machine learning;Big Data;Software;Human-in-the-loop;human-AI collaboration;big data;software development;task assignment;automation level;context-aware adaptive autonomy},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9671670&isnumber=9671273

S. Nakazawa and T. Tanaka, "Prototype of Kanban Tool and Preliminary Evaluation of Visualizing Method for Task Assignment," 2015 International Conference on Computer Application Technologies, Matsue, Japan, 2015, pp. 48-49, doi: 10.1109/CCATS.2015.21.Abstract: Kanban is a method used in agile software development. It is a most important tool as it acts as a central communication hub among the members of an agile development team. In this research, the authors develop a prototype of a Kanban tool. The tool displays each developer's tasks across multiple horizontal rows. Therefore, users can assess the task assignment and workloads of team members in one glance. The board also links up with GitHub and has a feature of real time synchronization among clients for distributed development. An experiment showed that the proposed approach was effective. keywords: {Synchronization;Visualization;Agile software development;Prototypes;Real-time systems;Computers;Collaboration;Agile software development;Task board;Kanban;GitHub coordination;Real-time synchronization},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7372311&isnumber=7372292

S. Nakazawa, K. Komatsu, T. Tanaka and K. Matsumoto, "Development and Evaluation of Large-Screen Digital Kanban with Smartphone Operation," 2017 6th IIAI International Congress on Advanced Applied Informatics (IIAI-AAI), Hamamatsu, Japan, 2017, pp. 295-300, doi: 10.1109/IIAI-AAI.2017.151.Abstract: The project is often visualized using the Kanban method in agile software development. The Kanban method is divided into two implementations: a physical Kanban and a digital Kanban. Both have particular advantages and disadvantages. Operating Kanban methods having the advantages of both have been proposed, but they require a high synchronization cost or a high price instrument. The authors developed a large-screen digital Kanban that has the advantages of both using a short-focus projector and a smartphone at a low cost. It has an interface using a two-dimensional (2D) code, a built-in smartphone camera, an acceleration sensor, a gyro sensor and a touch panel, so it can be operated without looking at the smartphone. Users can operate the Kanban while holding discussions in front of the Kanban board just like using a physical Kanban. From a result of evaluation of practicability, users will be able to operate our Kanban at a speed about equal to a physical Kanban if they practice the Kanban well. keywords: {Two dimensional displays;Cameras;Visualization;Synchronization;Acceleration;Collaboration;Agile software development;task board;digital Kanban;large screen;smartphone},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8113259&isnumber=8113190

A. Lamersdorf, J. Munch and D. Rombach, "A Survey on the State of the Practice in Distributed Software Development: Criteria for Task Allocation," 2009 Fourth IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Limerick, Ireland, 2009, pp. 41-50, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2009.12.Abstract: The allocation of tasks can be seen as a success-critical management activity in distributed development projects. However, such task allocation is still one of the major challenges in global software development due to an insufficient understanding of the criteria that influence task allocation decisions. This article presents a qualitative study aimed at identifying and understanding such criteria that are used in practice. Based on interviews with managers from selected software development organizations, criteria currently applied in industry are identified. One important result is, for instance, that the sourcing strategy and the type of software to be developed have a significant effect on the applied criteria. The article presents the goals, design, and results of the study as well as an overview of related and future work. keywords: {Programming;Project management;Software development management;Computer industry;Organizing;Costs;Cultural differences;Software engineering;Conference management;Engineering management;Global Software Development;task allocation;project management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5196918&isnumber=5196905

C. Treude and M. -A. Storey, "Work Item Tagging: Communicating Concerns in Collaborative Software Development," in IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, vol. 38, no. 1, pp. 19-34, Jan.-Feb. 2012, doi: 10.1109/TSE.2010.91.
Abstract: In collaborative software development projects, work items are used as a mechanism to coordinate tasks and track shared development work. In this paper, we explore how “tagging,” a lightweight social computing mechanism, is used to communicate matters of concern in the management of development tasks. We present the results from two empirical studies over 36 and 12 months, respectively, on how tagging has been adopted and what role it plays in the development processes of several professional development projects with more than 1,000 developers in total. Our research shows that the tagging mechanism was eagerly adopted by the teams, and that it has become a significant part of many informal processes. Different kinds of tags are used by various stakeholders to categorize and organize work items. The tags are used to support finding of tasks, articulation work, and information exchange. Implicit and explicit mechanisms have evolved to manage the tag vocabulary. Our findings indicate that lightweight informal tool support, prevalent in the social computing domain, may play an important role in improving team-based software development practices.
keywords: {Tagging;Programming;Collaboration;Software engineering;Data mining;Tagging;collaboration;software development;task management;articulation work;work items.},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5611552&isnumber=6141067


M. S. Filho, P. R. Pinheiro and A. Bessa Albuquerque, "Applying verbal decision analysis in distributed software development: Rank ordering the influencing factors in task allocation," 2016 11th Iberian Conference on Information Systems and Technologies (CISTI), Gran Canaria, Spain, 2016, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/CISTI.2016.7521546.Abstract: In the management of distributed software development, project managers face many challenges. Some of the most critical ones are related to the allocation of tasks between remote teams. To assign a task to a site or team, the project manager should take into account several factors such as team's technical expertise and cultural similarities. He or she usually makes this decision in a subjective way. The verbal decision analysis is an approach based on solving problems through multi-criteria qualitative analysis, which means it considers the analysis of subjective criteria. This paper describes the application of verbal decision analysis method ZAPROS III-i to rank order the factors that the project managers should take into account when allocating tasks in distributed software development projects. keywords: {Resource management;Software;Decision analysis;Cultural differences;Systematics;Companies;Distributed Software Development;Task Allocation;Verbal Decision Analysis;ZAPROS III-i},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7521546&isnumber=7521364

N. Ericsson, J. Åkerberg, M. Björkman, T. Lennvall, S. Larsson and H. Pei-Breivold, "Exploring ways to improve reuse between Industrial Embedded Systems and Discrete Event Simulators," 2021 26th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation (ETFA ), Vasteras, Sweden, 2021, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ETFA45728.2021.9613289.Abstract: Industrial real-time software is commonly evaluated on real embedded systems, while simulators are less used, since the abstraction level and purpose vary with for example, different programming languages and run-time contexts. This paper extends, applies, and evaluates previous work on a flexible task design that improve code reuse between discrete event simulators and embedded real-time systems. The paper focuses on two parts: (i) The performance cost of the proposed design in practice, by comparing the flexible task design with a traditional threaded approach. (ii) The potential of an alternative way to support legacy code in combination with discrete event simulation. The experiments indicate an almost negligible performance cost with respect to the real-time behavior, i.e., latency and jitter, while enabling improved code reuse between discrete event simulation and industrial embedded real-time systems. keywords: {Context;Codes;Embedded systems;Costs;Jitter;Real-time systems;Software;software development;task design;run-time context;real-time;flexibility;reusability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9613289&isnumber=9613141

M. Weicht, "Towards Model-Based Virtual Wet Lab Experiments," 2014 IEEE 14th International Conference on Advanced Learning Technologies, Athens, Greece, 2014, pp. 785-787, doi: 10.1109/ICALT.2014.231.Abstract: Often virtual wet lab experiments are not exactly experimental. They simply require a series of mouse clicks to be performed in the exact order intended by the programmer. While this does not sound like fun for the students, too open activities are not helpful either. Instead students should be allowed to vary their learning path wherever possible, mimicking a 'real' experiment. This paper outlines a model-based approach which can provide this flexibility while reducing programming efforts for new virtual wet lab experiments. Lab equipment, chemicals, and lab activities are to be modeled beforehand in order to be made available in an 'experiment construction kit' for teachers and students. keywords: {Educational institutions;Conferences;Chemicals;Electronic learning;Performance evaluation;Furnaces;e-learning;virtual experiments;model-based software development;task models},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6901608&isnumber=6901368

Li Yujin, Zhang Qing, Zheng Deyi, Xu Pengyun and Wu Baozhong, "On operation ticket expert system for a substation using object oriented technique," 2008 27th Chinese Control Conference, Kunming, China, 2008, pp. 2-5, doi: 10.1109/CHICC.2008.4604912.Abstract: In order to increase the accuracy of creating operation ticket program, improve the general utilization of system, an intelligent operation ticket expert system for power substation is presented in this paper. The system is developed by VC++ and SQL database using object oriented programming technique. For using the knowledge of the experts in real-time control, the fuzzy control technology is adopted. For the disadvantages of generative rule, the knowledge representing method of “ rule skeleton plus rule body” group is also used in the system. The system is easy to use and maintain. The experiments show that it is an accurate, convenient and universal system for power substation. keywords: {Switches;Substations;Expert systems;Electricity;Skeleton;Switching circuits;Joining processes;Substation;Operation ticket;Expert system;Rule group;Fuzzy control;Object oriented},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4604912&isnumber=4604871

A. Al Maruf, N. Lambaria, A. S. Abdelfattah and T. Cerny, "Using Version Control and Issue Tickets to detect Code Debt and Economical Cost," 2021 36th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE), Melbourne, Australia, 2021, pp. 1208-1209, doi: 10.1109/ASE51524.2021.9678532.Abstract: Despite the fact that there are numerous classifications of technical debt based on various criteria, Code Debt or code smells is a category that appears in the majority of current research. One of the primary causes of code debt is the urgency to deliver software quickly, as well as bad coding practices. Among many approaches, static code analysis has received the most attention in studies to detect code-smell/code debt. However, most of them examine the same programming language, although today’s software company utilizes many development stacks with various languages and tools. This problem can be resolved by detecting code debt with Issue/Ticket cards. This paper presents a method for detecting code debt leveraging natural language processing on issue tickets. It also proposes a method for calculating the average amount of time that a code debt was present in the software. This method is implemented utilizing git mining. keywords: {Computer languages;Codes;Costs;Biological system modeling;Machine learning;Software;Data models;Code Debt;Code Smell;Architectural Degradation;Technical Debt;Economical-Cost;Version Control;Issue Ticket},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9678532&isnumber=9678392

A. B. Marques, J. R. Carvalho, R. Rodrigues, T. Conte, R. Prikladnicki and S. Marczak, "An Ontology for Task Allocation to Teams in Distributed Software Development," 2013 IEEE 8th International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Bari, Italy, 2013, pp. 21-30, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2013.12.Abstract: An adequate task allocation plan is an effective strategy to reduce collaboration issues in distributed software development. Practitioners adopt distinct processes to allocate tasks as well as diverse labels for the same activities and artifacts. This diversity is also found in literature. Task allocation proposals consider different elements and use distinct names for the same concepts. The lack of a standardized vocabulary and of an understanding of the elements involved impairs knowledge acquisition and sharing. Our paper presents a domain ontology to represent concepts related to task allocation in distributed teams. The ontology was defined based on a literature systematic mapping and on the opinion of experts. Preliminary evaluation suggests that the relationships among concepts are valid in real projects. The ontology brings awareness to managers regarding the factors related to task allocation planning and provides researchers with a framework to define processes and design tools to support such activity. keywords: {Resource management;Ontologies;Software;Proposals;Systematics;Planning;Analytical models;Distributed software development;Task allocation;Domain Ontology},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6613065&isnumber=6613049

A. Lamersdorf, J. Munch, A. F. -d. V. Torre and C. R. S´nchez, "A Risk-Driven Model for Work Allocation in Global Software Development Projects," 2011 IEEE Sixth International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Helsinki, Finland, 2011, pp. 15-24, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2011.10.Abstract: Risks and potential benefits of distributing software development projects globally depend to a large extent on how to allocate work to different development sites and regions. Existing methods in task allocation are likely to omit the relevance of considering a multitude of criteria and the impact of task distribution on risks and potential benefits. To assess risks stemming from specific work distributions and to exploit organization-specific experience, we have developed a customizable risk-driven model. It consists of two main steps: Suggesting a set of task allocation alternatives based on project- and site-specific characteristics and analyzing it with respect to possible project risks stemming from the work distribution. To evaluate the model, we conducted a series of semi-structured interviews in a multinational IT company. The results of the evaluation show that the suggestions of the model mostly comply with the retrospective views voiced by the involved experienced managers. keywords: {Resource management;Stochastic processes;Programming;Productivity;Planning;Bayesian methods;Risk management;Global Software Development;Task Allocation;Risk Management;Project Planning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6063144&isnumber=6063134

A. Lamersdorf, J. Munch, A. F. del Viso Torre, C. R. Sánchez, M. Heinz and D. Rombach, "A Rule-Based Model for Customized Risk Identification in Distributed Software Development Projects," 2010 5th IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Princeton, NJ, USA, 2010, pp. 209-218, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2010.32.Abstract: Many project risks in distributed software development are very different from the ones in collocated development and therefore are often overlooked. At the same time, they depend to a large extent on project-specific characteristics. This article presents a model for identifying risks early in a project. This model systematically captures experiences from past projects and is based on a set of logical rules describing how project characteristics influence typical risks in distributed development. Thus, the model is able to assess risks individually for each project. It was developed by applying qualitative content analysis to 19 interviews with practitioners. An evaluation using expert interviews showed that the risks identified by the model matched the actual experiences in 81% of the cases; of these, 40% have not been regarded yet at project start. The article describes the concepts of the model, its instantiation and evaluation, followed by a conclusion and future work. keywords: {Interviews;Programming;Software;Cultural differences;Risk management;Knowledge engineering;Analytical models;Global software development;task allocation;risk management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5581511&isnumber=5581493

J. Fernandez and M. Basavaraju, "Task Allocation Model in Globally Distributed Software Projects Using Genetic Algorithms," 2012 IEEE Seventh International Conference on Global Software Engineering, Porto Alegre, Brazil, 2012, pp. 181-181, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2012.44.Abstract: Several researchers have explored task allocation in depth and created decision models which focus on allocating work to different sites. In this paper we focus on allocation of individual tasks to resources across locations and propose a semi-automated, assisted model for task allocation using genetic algorithms. This mechanism has been created and tested for a project scenario. keywords: {Resource management;Genetic algorithms;Software;Conferences;Software engineering;Planning;Computational modeling;Global Software Development;Task Allocation;Project Planning;Genetic Algorithms},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6337360&isnumber=6337293

S. Shafiq, A. Mashkoor, C. Mayr-Dorn and A. Egyed, "TaskAllocator: A Recommendation Approach for Role-based Tasks Allocation in Agile Software Development," 2021 IEEE/ACM Joint 15th International Conference on Software and System Processes (ICSSP) and 16th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE), Madrid, Spain, 2021, pp. 39-49, doi: 10.1109/ICSSP-ICGSE52873.2021.00014.Abstract: In this paper, we propose a recommendation approach - TaskAllocator - in order to predict the assignment of incoming tasks to potential befitting roles. The proposed approach, identifying team roles rather than individual persons, allows project managers to perform better tasks allocation in case the individual developers are over-utilized or moved on to different roles/projects. We evaluated our approach on ten agile case study projects obtained from the Taiga. io repository. In order to determine the TaskAllocator's performance, we have conducted a benchmark study by comparing it with contemporary machine learning models. The applicability of the TaskAllocator was assessed through a plugin that can be integrated with JIRA and provides recommendations about suitable roles whenever a new task is added to the project. Lastly, the source code of the plugin and the dataset employed have been made public. keywords: {Training;Text categorization;Project management;Machine learning;Benchmark testing;Tools;Software;Distributed agile software development;task allocation;natural language processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9461028&isnumber=9461011

H. -Q. Nguyen, H. T. Nguyen and T. -T. Pham, "Applying Smart Contract in Blockchain Technology to Manage the Ticketing Issuance and Ticketing Traceability," 2023 IEEE Jordan International Joint Conference on Electrical Engineering and Information Technology (JEEIT), Amman, Jordan, 2023, pp. 160-164, doi: 10.1109/JEEIT58638.2023.10185771.Abstract: Every year, the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City presents a cultural program in conjunction with the start of the academic year. Students from the school are given free tickets to attend this event. However, there has been an occurrence problem with fake tickets or ticket sales appearing throughout the years. To assure the validity of the ticket issued, we suggest a ticketing issuance and ticketing traceability management system by applying smart contract technology on the blockchain platform to store, manage, and trace the origin of tickets. The system is designed on the Ethereum platform to implement smart contracts and blockchain technologies using the Solidity language. A blockchain is a decentralized database that holds data in encrypted chunks that grow over time. These information blocks function independently. The benefit of block chain is that it offers great security by preventing information theft and manipulation. To evaluate the performance of the suggested system, it was carried out with real student data at the Faculty of Information Technology at the Industrial University of Ho Chi Minh City. The experimental results show that the proposed system carries out all functions well. keywords: {Electrical engineering;Databases;System performance;Operating systems;Urban areas;Smart contracts;Blockchains;Solidity;Smart contract;Blockchain},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10185771&isnumber=10185673

A. Roudaki and M. Doroodchi, "Interactive Software Development Using Workflow," 2009 International Conference on Future Computer and Communication, Kuala Lumpar, Malaysia, 2009, pp. 3-7, doi: 10.1109/ICFCC.2009.46.Abstract: Workflow in interactive media and software development can be used to improve the development process as well as adding new features to the system as opposed to using classical software development approaches. Three types of workflow are distinguished to be sequential, state-machine, and rule-based workflow. This paper shows how these approaches can be used to improve the software quality and the development process. To demonstrate the capability of workflow-based approach to interactive software development, two different types of interactive applications are chosen and developed using different workflow methods: a computer game (Sudoku) and an internal Web-based application (employee ticket reservation system(ETRS)). For each one of these applications the improvement of development time, modification time, and adding a subsystem are measured and compared to the same factor using classical approaches. keywords: {Programming;Application software;Multimedia systems;Software quality;Time measurement;Automation;Process design;Information processing;Functional analysis;Design for disassembly;Workflow;Interactive Software Development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5189731&isnumber=5189730

R. Ishizuka, H. Washizaki, Y. Fukazawa, S. Saito and S. Ouji, "Categorizing and Visualizing Issue Tickets to Better Understand the Features Implemented in Existing Software Systems," 2019 10th International Workshop on Empirical Software Engineering in Practice (IWESEP), Tokyo, Japan, 2019, pp. 25-255, doi: 10.1109/IWESEP49350.2019.00013.Abstract: Acquiring knowledge and context of the ongoing project is one of the most challenging issues for new project members. New project members need to comprehend the contents of features already implemented in software systems. However, most software documents (e.g., flow chart and data-model) were initially created and not updated. Herein we focus on tickets issued during the project period because they are created based on stakeholders' requirements as a project evolves. We propose a novel approach to categorize and visualize tickets to better understand the features implemented in the existing software systems. Specifically, tickets are grouped by a clustering method and the number of clusters (i.e., ticket categories) is automatically estimated. Then the ticket categories are visualized by (i) creating a heatmap of the tickets lifetimes, (ii) extracting keywords of the ticket categories, and (iii) analyzing the relationships between ticket categories. We applied our approach to an NTT software development project. Additionally, we interviewed the project members and external experts to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. Our approach helps comprehend the features of the software system. keywords: {Data visualization;Software;Computer science;Text mining;Machine learning;Technological innovation;Data collection;reverse engineering, software comprehension, issue ticket, text mining, machine learning, interviewing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8945077&isnumber=8945068

M. Ahmed and Y. Xiang, "Trust Ticket Deployment: A Notion of a Data Owner's Trust in Cloud Computing," 2011IEEE 10th International Conference on Trust, Security and Privacy in Computing and Communications, Changsha, China, 2011, pp. 111-117, doi: 10.1109/TrustCom.2011.17.Abstract: While cloud computing (CC) is a scalable model of shared infrastructure and on-demand computing, it lacks a transparent trust and security mechanism. A data owner (DO) loses control over the data outsourced to a machine in the cloud controlled and operated by a cloud service provider (CSP). This machine is at a location unknown to a data owner. This loss of control over data is further intensified with the lack of managing users' access to the data from practical cloud computing perspectives. In this paper, we introduce a new mechanism of ensuring trust and security in Software as a Service (SaaS) CC. Trust Ticket, with the supporting protocols, is our mechanism that helps a data owner in establishing a link between a CSP and a registered user. In our mechanism, a user first gets registered with a DO before receiving a Trust Ticket and a secret key from that DO. Each Trust Ticket is unique and encrypted. On completing the registration of each user, the DO apprises the CSP of the Trust Ticket. Trust Ticket and secret key are respectively for the registered user's getting accepted to the CSP and having a view of the data owner's data upon a successful verification by the CSP. We have done our experiment in Java network programming by creating an emulated cloud computing framework under the VMware ESXi 4.1 hypervisor based platform. Using the framework, we have evaluated our algorithmic protocol for Trust Ticket. We have also compared our work with prior work. Overall performance of our work is better. We argue that our proposed algorithmic protocol for Trust Ticket deployment establishes a data owner's trust. This trust is established through a data owner's control over data and a registered user; because a registered user is linked with a CSP by a data owner through Trust Ticket. keywords: {Cloud computing;Protocols;Databases;Public key;Authentication;Cloud Computing;Trust Ticket;Trust;Security;Control},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6120809&isnumber=6120777

C. C. A. Blaz and K. Becker, "Sentiment Analysis in Tickets for IT Support," 2016 IEEE/ACM 13th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), Austin, TX, USA, 2016, pp. 235-246.Abstract: Sentiment analysis has been adopted in software engineering for problems such as software usability and sentiment of developers in open-source projects. This paper proposes a method to evaluate the sentiment contained in tickets for IT (Information Technology) support.IT tickets are broad in coverage (e.g. infrastructure, software), and involve errors, incidents, requests, etc. The main challenge is to automatically distinguish between factual information, which is intrinsically negative (e.g. error description), from the sentiment embedded in the description. Our approach is to automatically create a Domain Dictionary that contains terms with sentiment in the IT context, used to filter terms in ticket for sentiment analysis. We experiment and evaluate three approaches for calculating the polarity of terms in tickets. Our study was developed using 34,895 tickets from five organizations, from which we randomly selected 2,333 tickets to compose a Gold Standard. Our best results display an average precision and recall of 82.83% and 88.42%, which outperforms the compared sentiment analysis solutions. keywords: {Sentiment analysis;Dictionaries;Organizations;Standards organizations;Data mining;Usability;Opinion Mining;IT Tickets;Domain Dictionary},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7832903&isnumber=7832751

D. Yu, Z. Zhou and Y. Wang, "Crowdsourcing Software Task Assignment Method for Collaborative Development," in IEEE Access, vol. 7, pp. 35743-35754, 2019, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2019.2905054.
Abstract: Software crowdsourcing is an emerging and promising software development model. It is based on the characteristics of Internet community intelligence, which makes it have certain advantages in development cost and product quality. Companies are increasingly using crowdsourcing to accomplish specific software development tasks. However, this development model still faces many challenges. One of the key issues is the collaboration between crowdsourced workers. Developer collaboration is important to software development, but workers in crowdsourcing come from an undefined network community, so it's hard to guarantee that they can work together. This paper focuses on task assignment and uses the active time of workers as the basis of grouping to provide a solution for multi-task to multi-worker allocation. Based on the on-demand distribution model, this paper considers three factors: worker's ability, task module complexity, and worker's active time. First, the workers are divided into multiple collaborative candidate groups based on active time. Then, the Hungarian algorithm is used to select the optimal workers for each module from the collaborative candidate groups of each task, and the coordination candidate group replacement strategy is used to solve the assignment failure problem. Finally completing the assignment of all tasks within an assignment cycle. The experiments have shown that the proposed method increases the total utility by 25% and the success rate of distribution by 30% than the sequential assignment method. The proposed method can give a reasonable solution for software crowdsourcing task allocation based on collaborative development.
keywords: {Task analysis;Crowdsourcing;Software;Collaboration;Resource management;Software algorithms;Partitioning algorithms;Crowdsourcing;software development;collaborative candidate group;Hungarian algorithm;active time},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8667429&isnumber=8600701


Z. Di, D. Z. W. Wang and L. Yang, "Optimal Operation Strategies for the Bus-Mode Operation of Intercity High-Speed Rail Service: A Novel Ticketing/Exchanging Mechanism," in IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems, vol. 23, no. 12, pp. 23583-23596, Dec. 2022, doi: 10.1109/TITS.2022.3197266.
Abstract: The high-speed rail, offering train services with affordable fares and expedient quality, is playing a pivotal role for the intercity commuting in many counties (e.g., China). However, effected by the demand fluctuation, it is commonly observed that the tickets for train services in peak hours are sold out early, while many seats are left empty during off-peak hours. Noticing that time-dependent pricing measure is too aggregated to cater for individualized demand, this study proposes a novel ticketing/exchanging scheme allowing passengers to exchange for a highly-demanded and already-sold ticket with certain endogenously generated compensation. With assumption that this ticketing/exchanging scheme is applied in high-speed rail service operation, this study aims to determine the optimal operation strategies including the fleet size and timetable to optimize certain objectives from both operator’s and passengers’ perspectives. This problem is formulated into a two-stage stochastic programming, and a heuristic solution algorithm is designed to solve it efficiently. Numerical experiments are conducted to validate the model formulation and solution method in the context of real practice in the Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway.
keywords: {Rail transportation;Behavioral sciences;Rails;Stochastic processes;Programming;Pricing;Heuristic algorithms;Intercity high-speed rail;train fleet size;timetable and fare;ticketing/exchanging mechanism;heterogeneous passengers},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9857634&isnumber=9972869


W. Premchaiswadi and P. Porouhan, "Factors affecting the passengers' intention toward “airline electronic ticketing” in Thailand," 2011 Ninth International Conference on ICT and Knowledge Engineering, Bangkok, Thailand, 2012, pp. 177-186, doi: 10.1109/ICTKE.2012.6152402.Abstract: This study uses an `adoption model' to assess airline passengers' intention to use an online e-ticketing system in Thailand. The study also integrates constructs from “United Theory of Acceptance”, “Use of Technology model”, “Transaction Cost Saving Model”, “Perceived Security Model” and “Perceived Enjoyment Theory”. The “survey” was conducted at Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Thailand (Domestic Flights Terminal). The study aims to focus on those AirAsia's passengers who have ever used online e-ticketing at least for once in their life (experienced users). SPSS Program (Version 17.0) was used for data mining and survey authoring (Linear regression and Correlation analysis). Consequently, the results indicate that “Perceived Security”, “Perceived Enjoyment”, “Price Saving”, “Effort Expectancy” and “Facilitating Conditions” - in sequence - have significant positive effects on airlines passengers' intention to use online e-ticketing systems in Thailand, whereas “Performance Expectancy” did not have any significant effect on passengers' intention. After collecting the data; “Time Saving” and “Social Influence” hypotheses (H3 & H5) were not supported by Inter-Item Correlation Matrix' results and thus were `eliminated' from the initial conceptual framework model. The model finally explains 71.6% percent of the variance in airlines passengers' intention to use an online e-ticketing system in Thailand. keywords: {Internet;Reliability;Security;Atmospheric modeling;Airports;Broadband communication;Testing;Ticketing;Thai;Airline;Online;Internet;Use},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6152402&isnumber=6152386

J. Caldeira, F. Brito e Abreu, J. Reis and J. Cardoso, "Assessing Software Development Teams' Efficiency using Process Mining," 2019 International Conference on Process Mining (ICPM), Aachen, Germany, 2019, pp. 65-72, doi: 10.1109/ICPM.2019.00020.Abstract: Context. Improving the efficiency and effectiveness of software development projects implies understanding their actual process. Given the same requirements specification, different software development teams may follow different strategies and that may lead to inappropriate use of tools or non-optimized allocation of effort on spurious activities, non-aligned with the desired goals. However, due to its intangibility, the actual process followed by each developer or team is often a black box. Objective. The overall goal of this study is to improve the knowledge on how to measure efficiency in development teams where a great deal of variability may exist due to the human-factor. The main focus is on the discovery of the underlying processes and compare them in terms of efficiency and effectiveness. By doing so, we expect to reveal potentially hidden costs and risks, so that corrective actions may take place on a timely manner during the software project life cycle. Method. Several independent teams of Java programmers, using the Eclipse IDE, were assigned the same software quality task, related to code smells detection for identifying refactoring opportunities and the quality of the outcomes were assessed by independent experts. The events corresponding to the activity of each team upon the IDE, while performing the given task, were captured. Then, we used process mining techniques to discover development process models, evaluate their quality and compare variants against a reference model used as "best practice". Results. Teams whose process model was less complex, had the best outcomes and vice-versa. Comparing less complex process variants with the ""best practice"" process, showed that they were also the ones with less differences in the control-flow perspective, based on activities frequencies. We have also determined which teams were most efficient through process analysis. Conclusions. We confirmed that, even for a well-defined software development task, there may be a great deal of process variability due to the human factor. We were able to identify when developers were more or less focused in the essential tasks they were required to perform. Less focused teams had the more complex process models, due to the spurious / non-essential actions that were carried out. In other words, they were less efficient. Experts' opinion confirmed that those teams also were less effective in their expected delivery. We therefore concluded that a self-awareness of the performed process rendered by our approach, may be used to identify corrective actions that will improve process efficiency (less wasted effort) and may yield to better deliverables, i.e. improved process effectiveness. keywords: {Data mining;Task analysis;Tools;Java;Human factors;Software quality;software development;process mining;software process analytics;ide usage;efficiency assessment},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8786041&isnumber=8786039

M. B. de Barros Souza, F. Q. B. da Silva and C. Seaman, "Perceptions of Task Interdependence in Software Development: An Industrial Case Study," 2023 IEEE/ACM 16th International Conference on Cooperative and Human Aspects of Software Engineering (CHASE), Melbourne, Australia, 2023, pp. 127-137, doi: 10.1109/CHASE58964.2023.00022.Abstract: Context: Task interdependence is a work design factor that expresses the mutual dependency between tasks that compose a whole work. In software development, task interdependencies are created by the technical dependencies between the components of the software system and by how the development tasks are allocated to individuals in a teamwork context. Despite its importance for individual and team effectiveness, we still do not have studies about how software engineers perceive task interdependence in practice. Goal: To understand the perceptions of software engineers about the interdependence in their work and how these perceptions interact with other human and technical factors in the development process. Method: We performed an exploratory qualitative case study of a single software development team in a Brazilian software company that developed solutions for the financial market. We interviewed all 10 team members and used standard coding techniques from qualitative research to code, categorize, and synthesize data. Results: Individuals are consistent in their understanding of task interdependence and how it happens in practice. However, there are asymmetries between the individual perceptions in an interdependence relationship, which seem to exacerbate expressed feelings of anxiety and dissatisfaction. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the perception of task interdependence in software development is often not symmetrical with potential negative effects on emotional states that are related to motivation and satisfaction in the workplace. keywords: {Codes;Employment;Companies;Software systems;Software;Encoding;Teamwork;task interdependence;work design;qualitative research;case study;software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10164687&isnumber=10164686

V. R. P and J. Shetty, "TicketTrace: Intelligent High Parity Ticket Detection Through Deep Learning Techniques," 2023 7th International Conference on Computation System and Information Technology for Sustainable Solutions (CSITSS), Bangalore, India, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/CSITSS60515.2023.10334156.Abstract: Bug reports play a crucial role in software development by facilitating communication between users and developers and aiding in the resolution of software defects. However, the presence of duplicate bug reports can lead to inefficiencies in the bug tracking process, resulting in wasted resources and delayed issue resolution. This paper propose a novel approach for detecting high parity bug reports using deep learning techniques. This paper's approach leverages the power of deep neural networks to automatically identify similarities and patterns within bug report data, the bug report that have used to train is taken from multiple software projects. Model is trained on a carefully curated dataset of bug reports, consisting of textual information such as titles and descriptions. The heart of this papers solution lies in the architecture of Siamese deep learning model. The trained siamese network is then used to take new inputs tickets and compare them with existing tickets to detect high parity ones. All the implementation uses open source python packages such as tensorflow, keras and transformers to build the neural network. In the evaluation phase, the performance of proposed model is measured using established metrics, including precision, recall and F1-score. The empirical findings illustrate that the utilization of deep learning techniques led to an accuracy of 79 and 81 percent for two distinct testsets. Additionally elaborate on the constraints of the paper's methodology and discuss potential enhancements for the model implemented. keywords: {Deep learning;Heart;Phase measurement;Computer bugs;Redundancy;Computer architecture;Transformers;Duplicate Bug Reports;Siamese neural network;Sentence-BERT;Bug De-duplication;High Parity Ticket},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10334156&isnumber=10333315

V. Ceronmani Sharmila, S. Monesh, R. Aayush, G. Karesh and I. Ibrahim, "Digitized Bus Ticketing Framework," 2019 1st International Conference on Innovations in Information and Communication Technology (ICIICT), Chennai, India, 2019, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/ICIICT1.2019.8741481.Abstract: Smart Card technology is used to getting the ticket by withdrawing money from passenger's e-wallet inside the smart card instead of transaction of direct money, loss of coin change is prevented. The smart card is scanned using the app by the conductor and after entry of passenger details the device will generate the tickets and money will be directly debited from their E-wallets. This technology is processed by the module in which the fare calculations are programmed. In addition to this a new feature is added that is if the passenger doesn't buy the tickets within a specific time a beep sound will be emitted and the particular person must buy the tickets. By this many frauds can be stopped. keywords: {Conductors;Radiofrequency identification;Smart cards;Databases;Information technology;Manuals;Global Positioning System},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8741481&isnumber=8741349

T. -P. Liang, J. Jiang, G. S. Klein and J. Y. -C. Liu, "Software Quality as Influenced by Informational Diversity, Task Conflict, and Learning in Project Teams," in IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management, vol. 57, no. 3, pp. 477-487, Aug. 2010, doi: 10.1109/TEM.2009.2033049.
Abstract: From one perspective, diversity leads to an increase in the knowledge and viewpoints that adds to the creativity of the solution and methods during a software development project. From another perspective, diversity adds to the conflict in a project team, which detracts significantly from the desired results. This contradiction may be best explained by an examination of different forms of diversity. This study reports a model that considers informational diversity, in the form of a larger variety of background knowledge, in the system development context. Learning and information theories dictate that conflict related to the completion of tasks will increase under informational diversity. Task-related conflict should, in turn, create learning opportunities, which will provide the spark needed to improve the quality of the software generated by a project team. A team level analysis of survey data from 299 members of 75 development teams confirms these relationships. The promotion of learning leverages the benefits of informational diversity and serves as a mediator between task-related conflict and software quality.
keywords: {Software quality;Cultural differences;Data mining;Probability density function;Education;Information theory;Informational diversity;learning;project management;project teams;relationship conflict;software development;task conflict},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5308270&isnumber=5512718


Y. Ikutani, N. Koganti, H. Hata, T. Kubo and K. Matsumoto, "Toward Imitating Visual Attention of Experts in Software Development Tasks," 2019 IEEE/ACM 6th International Workshop on Eye Movements in Programming (EMIP), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2019, pp. 33-36, doi: 10.1109/EMIP.2019.00013.Abstract: Expert programmers' eye-movements during source code reading are valuable sources that are considered to be associated with their domain expertise. We advocate a vision of new intelligent systems incorporating expertise of experts for software development tasks, such as issue localization, comment generation, and code generation. We present a conceptual framework of neural autonomous agents based on imitation learning (IL), which enables agents to mimic the visual attention of an expert via his/her eye movement. In this framework, an autonomous agent is constructed as a context-based attention model that consists of encoder/decoder network and trained with state-action sequences generated by an experts' demonstration. Challenges to implement an IL-based autonomous agent specialized for software development task are discussed in this paper. keywords: {Task analysis;Visualization;Autonomous agents;Computer bugs;Electroencephalography;Neural networks;eye movement;imitation learning;neural autonomous model;attention},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8834697&isnumber=8834688

N. Ericsson, J. Åkerberg, M. Björkman, T. Lennvall, S. Larsson and H. Pei-Breivold, "Improving Code Reuse between Industrial Embedded Systems and Discrete Event Simulators," 2021 IEEE 19th International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN), Palma de Mallorca, Spain, 2021, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/INDIN45523.2021.9557535.Abstract: Most evaluations of industrial real-time software are conducted on real embedded systems. The use of simulators that provides easily reproducible evaluations is often limited, due to different levels of abstraction, e.g., programming languages and run-time contexts. This paper extends previous work on a flexible task design, enabling tasks to be agnostic to run-time context, with evaluations conducted on bare-metal and real-time operating systems. Based on the same design and experiments we extend the proof-of-concept implementation in a discrete event simulation context, executing on a Windows based simulation host. Our experiments show that the flexible task design can be driven in a simulation run-time context, and still support typical industrial constructs. The result indicates that improved code reuse between discrete event simulators and industrial embedded systems is feasible. keywords: {Computer languages;Embedded systems;Codes;Conferences;Software;Real-time systems;Discrete event simulation;software development;task design;run-time context;real-time;flexibility;reusability;evolvability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9557535&isnumber=9557353

M. J. N. Parhusip, R. E. Indrajit and T. Mantoro, "Maximize Business Revenue with Dynamic Pricing of Airline Ticket using AI Analytics," 2025 IEEE 11th International Conference on Computing, Engineering and Design (ICCED), Cairo, Egypt, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICCED68324.2025.11324479.Abstract: The airline sector works in a very competitive economy, which makes it hard for them to get new customers and make the most money. High ticket prices, especially for popular tourist spots, often keep people from buying tickets. This study suggests a way to improve pricing tactics by using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to have ticket prices change based on demand. The study delineates a technique for the development and assessment of AI algorithms that utilize both internal corporate data (e.g., customer loyalty programs) and external data (e.g., tourism patterns) to formulate more appealing and lucrative pricing models. This study intends to show the huge potential of AI to increase income, enhance load factors, and provide airlines with a competitive edge in the modern market by comparing AI-driven strategies to traditional ones. keywords: {Ethics;Biological system modeling;Atmospheric modeling;Pricing;Reinforcement learning;Robustness;Real-time systems;Artificial intelligence;Airline industry;Load modeling;Dynamic Pricings;Artificial Intelligence;Airline Industry;Revenue Management;Machine Learning;Demand Forecasting;Revenue Maximization},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11324479&isnumber=11324085

U. de Haan and S. Cohen, "The Role of Improvisation in Off-the-Shelf Software Development of Entrepreneurial Vendors," 2007 International Conference on Systems Engineering and Modeling, Haifa, Israel, 2007, pp. 85-92, doi: 10.1109/ICSEM.2007.373337.Abstract: Improvisation has been discussed to some extent in the innovation and entrepreneurship literature with regard to processes and tasks performed by entrepreneurs when faced with uncertainty, such as in organizational learning in uncertain technology environments, in the decision making process, and in the founding process. The role of improvisation has also been discussed with regard to software organizations arid software development and the various tasks performed by the development heads and teams. Hence, to make this connection between the software development process, improvisation and entrepreneurs, this research reports the observations made in a multiple case study scene of an entrepreneurial vendor of off-the-shelf software. Through these observations, a new form of software development emerged. This form, lead-driven development is based upon improvisation of the software development processes by entrepreneurial vendors who improvise new product features and bug-fixes based on leads they pick up from one marketing meeting or demonstration to the next one. This type of development, although not very beneficial in the long run for the product's commercial development tailors demo features specifically to potential customers' needs. Thus, the chances to satisfy potential customers' needs through the product's associated benefits and features, improve. We discuss in length how the improvisation is employed and recommend, a software development task path based upon it. We bring figures to demonstrate how lead driven development has been found to be beneficial to vendors. Following the suggested model for software development for entrepreneurial vendors, we introduce a theoretical framework from the Innovation literature and by the use of knowledge gathered from the case studies conducted we explain how vendors may achieve an improved level of software development improvisational skills. keywords: {Programming;Uncertainty;Software maintenance;Technological innovation;Application software;Innovation management;Layout;Business;Variable speed drives;Delay},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4243722&isnumber=4243705

Z. Qin, Y. Feng and F. Xiao, "A Many-Core Software Mapping Algorithm Based on Dynamic Programming," 2021 International Conference on Computer Information Science and Artificial Intelligence (CISAI), Kunming, China, 2021, pp. 536-540, doi: 10.1109/CISAI54367.2021.00109.Abstract: When many core software is mapped to the processor cores to form executing pipeline, it is conducive to mining the parallelism of software task modules, and improving the system throughput. A software mapping algorithm based on dynamic programming is proposed in this paper. The algorithm decomposes the graph partition problem into several sub-problems, and seeks the optimal solution of each sub-problem to obtain the global optimal solution. Experimental results show that the algorithm is superior to the existing algorithms in improving the system throughput. keywords: {Heuristic algorithms;Software algorithms;Pipelines;Parallel processing;Programming;Throughput;Software;many-core software;mapping heuristic algorithms;dynamic programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9718925&isnumber=9718568

S. Kalaycı and S. Arslan, "A dynamic programming based optimization approach for appointment scheduling in banking," 2017 International Conference on Computer Science and Engineering (UBMK), Antalya, Turkey, 2017, pp. 625-629, doi: 10.1109/UBMK.2017.8093482.Abstract: In banking where customers are served from various channels, branch is still one of the most preferred service channels as a face to face communication channel. Key performance indicator of branch services is to minimize waiting times so that customers are served in a timely fashion. With the advances in digitalization capabilities, reservation ticketing systems for branches has become much more disseminated. Remote queuematic tickets taken from digital channels has been evaluated to be a valuable opportunity for optimizing resource and capacity plan of branches and diminishing service times, hence a research and development study has been initiated. This paper describes our novel dynamic programming algorithm approach, which is branch density and customer priority sensitive, aims to balance number of customers each branch serves within a particular region and minimize waiting times of customers. Proposed approach links this problem in banking domain to assortment optimization and appointment scheduling problems in the literature and solves an optimization problem that maximizes the added value for bank at branches. keywords: {Mathematical model;Banking;Optimization;Dynamic programming;Face;Capacity planning;Dynamic scheduling;Banking;Resource and Capacity Planning;Dynamic Programming;Assortment Optimization;Appointment Scheduling},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8093482&isnumber=8093363

S. Sujarwo, H. Soeparno, Y. Arifin and F. L. Gaol, "Empirical Evaluation of Software Task Effort Prediction Using Natural Language Descriptions," 2026 8th International Symposium on Computational and Business Intelligence (ISCBI), Bali Island, Indonesia, 2026, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/ISCBI69404.2026.11495978.Abstract: This paper offers an empirically grounded analysis of machine learning models that predict effort directly from natural language task input to address the issue of software effort estimation with machine learning. Two different datasets, a proprietary commercial dataset (SiP) and the open-source JOSSE dataset, were used to test combinations of three embedding techniques (TF-IDF+SVD, Word2Vec, and BERT) and four classifiers (Random Forest, LightGBM, Histogram-Based Gradient Boosting, and Feed-Forward Artificial Neural Networks). Based on an improved 7-class effort classification, the assessment assesses 27,729 activities across 100 projects. The results show that the optimal embedding-classifier combination depends on the context. While BERT embeddings with LightGBM exhibit the highest overall performance globally ($\text{F1}=0.355$, AUC$\text{R O C} = 0.787$), BERT with Random Forest performs better when it comes to per-project deployment (average F1: 0.895 for SiP, 0.817 for JOSSE). All models demonstrated strong ranking ability (AUC-ROC>0.979), confirming their promise in case prioritization even though precise classification is still challenging. This paper also emphasizes how important data quality is, as commercial data produces predictions that are far more reliable. This paper may have an impact on the choice of embedding-classifier combinations for different projects and dataset scenarios. keywords: {Weapons of mass destruction;Feeds;Antennas;Broadcasting;Digital multimedia broadcasting;Filtering;Filters;Circuits and systems;Radio frequency;HTTP;task-level estimation;agile software development;machine learning;NLP;BERT;Word2Vec;TF-IDF;software effort estimation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11495978&isnumber=11495610

M. S. Filho, P. R. Pinheiro and A. B. Albuquerque, "Task assignment to distributed teams based on a qualitative multi-criteria approach," 2017 12th Iberian Conference on Information Systems and Technologies (CISTI), Lisbon, Portugal, 2017, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.23919/CISTI.2017.7975971.Abstract: The high growth of companies in recent years has caused the transformation of local markets into global ones. The software industry is not stranger to this transformation and has been looking for effective ways to work in a distributed scenario. A critical activity in distributed projects concerns the assignment of tasks to remote teams. This is a multicriteria decision-making problem and can be supported by Verbal Decision Analysis approaches. This paper describes an approach based on Verbal Decision Analysis methods to aid decision on factors that influence the assignment of tasks to distrubuted teams. The approach is based on the ORCLASS and ZAPROS III-i methods. The first results showed that factors such as "low turnover rate" and "team maturity" are among those considered more important, and the factors "personal trust", "low labor cost", "cultural similarities" and "time zone" were considered less relevant in DSD context. keywords: {Software;Resource management;Object oriented modeling;Companies;Decision analysis;Project management;Distributed Software Development;Task Assignment;Verbal Decision Analysis;ORCLASS;ZAPROS III-i},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7975971&isnumber=7975671

N. Ericsson, J. Åkerberg, M. Björkman, T. Lennvall, S. Larsson and H. Pei-Breivold, "A Flexible Task Design for Industrial Embedded Systems," IECON 2020 The 46th Annual Conference of the IEEE Industrial Electronics Society, Singapore, 2020, pp. 2143-2148, doi: 10.1109/IECON43393.2020.9254835.Abstract: The run-time context in industrial embedded systems varies from bare-metal microcontrollers, to multicore-processors running real-time operating systems. Due to the longevity of industrial systems, reusability and evolvability are often considered crucial quality attributes. This paper presents a new flexible task design that enables tasks to be agnostic to run-time context. Evaluations of the design were made by conducting experiments using a proof of concept implementation of the proposed design. The experiments were based on typical industrial constructs, such as periodic tasks, and event signaling from interrupts. Findings from the experiments show that tasks can be more agnostic to run-time context and still deliver functionality normally used within industry. The results indicate that it is feasible to improve reusability and evolvability between different run-time contexts, and in addition, support hybrid configurations that can reduce resource usage, since e.g. a thread can be easily shared among several tasks. keywords: {Task analysis;Context;Runtime;Instruction sets;Delays;Real-time systems;Hardware;software development;task design;run-time context;real-time;flexibility;reusability;evolvability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9254835&isnumber=9254215

Y. Ma and P. Yan, "AI-Empowered Fusion Machine Learning for Intelligent Program Design: Model and Implementation," 2026 IEEE International Conference on Power, Electronics and Green Energy (ICPEGE), Shenyang, China, 2026, pp. 1123-1127, doi: 10.1109/ICPEGE67691.2026.11451492.Abstract: Software teams face mixed goals. They want safe code. They want fast delivery. They also want traceable design. Pure rule systems drift. Pure data models fail when data shifts. We present a fusion machine learning model for intelligent program design. The system blends large code models, graph learners on program structure, retrieval over project artifacts, and light rules. It runs as a loop: plan → synthesize → check → fix → learn. It keeps context from repositories, tickets, tests, logs, and style guides. It scores design options with simple, auditable signals. In lab studies and in two internal services, the model improves task pass@1 by +11.8 points over strong baselines. It also cuts review edits by 28–35% at equal test coverage. We show the stack, the training mix, the guardrails, and the failure cases. We share a small recipe that teams can copy and tune. keywords: {Training;Software testing;Codes;Tracking;Reviews;Retrieval augmented generation;Machine learning;Maintenance engineering;Software;Power electronics;program synthesis;software testing;retrieval-augmented generation;code intelligence;knowledge fusion},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11451492&isnumber=11451185

A. K. Shukla, M. Kumar, K. Kumari and S. Shrivastav, "Automating Indian Railway Services: A Face Recognition-Based Approach to Queue Management and Ticket Booking," 2024 IEEE 2nd International Conference on Innovations in High Speed Communication and Signal Processing (IHCSP), Bhopal, India, 2024, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/IHCSP63227.2024.10960219.Abstract: This research paper describes a prototype software model intended to improve the efficiency and security of the Indian Railways' ticket buying process, notably for customers travelling in general class. The study also gives a thorough examination of current solutions and their limitations. One notable issue found is the lack of a tracking system for local passengers in the general class, which causes inefficiencies and security issues. To solve this, the suggested approach uses face recognition technology to effectively manage lineups in the offline booking area. Furthermore, automation techniques are used to speed up formerly manual operations, resulting in increased total booking speed. The program keeps track of all passengers, providing a reliable system for tracking and security. This approach not only enhances the booking experience but also contributes to improved safety measures within the railway system. keywords: {Technological innovation;Face recognition;Scalability;Prototypes;Signal processing;Rail transportation;User experience;Software;Security;Reliability;Python;OpenCV;MySQL;Indian Railway;Security;Ticket Booking},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10960219&isnumber=10959737

K. P, L. P, S. S. S and R. U D, "SentinelAI: A Document-Aware HR Policy Question-Answering System and Automated Ticket Escalation," 2026 International Conference on Emerging Smart Computing and Informatics (ESCI), Pune, India, 2026, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ESCI68015.2026.11493389.Abstract: The project presents an AI-based HR policy assistant focused on domains such as travel policies, insurance coverage, salary structure, and leave rules. The system first ingests official policy PDFs, applies OCR when needed, and splits the text into semantically coherent chunks linked with rich metadata (department, policy type, effective date). These chunks are embedded using transformer models and stored in a vector index so that employee questions can be matched to the most relevant clauses with high precisionWhen a user asks a question through the chatbot interface, the system performs semantic retrieval over the indexed policy corpus and generates a clear, policy-compliant answer by quoting the underlying document text. If the retrieved evidence is insufficient or conflicting, the assistant does not guess; instead, it automatically creates an HR ticket that includes the original question, top policy snippets, and user details. This design both reduces repetitive HR workload and ensures that ambiguous or exception-based cases are handled by human experts while routine queries are resolved instantly for employees. The assistant is designed to sit between employees and complex HR documents, acting as a single access point for policy understanding and escalation. It supports conversational queries about topics such as travel eligibility, reimbursement limits, insurance coverage tiers, and salary or allowance components, mapping informal questions to precise policy clauses. Internally, the system logs every interaction, which allows HR teams to analyse common doubts, outdated sections, or missing clarifications in existing policies. Over time, this feedback loop can guide policy rewrites and training programmes. By combining instant answers for routine cases with structured escalation for exceptions, the project aims to improve transparency, reduce response times, and increase employee trust in HR processes. keywords: {Filtering;Filters;Circuits and systems;Amplitude shift keying;Radio access networks;Regional area networks;Communication systems;Protocols;Electronic mail;Feedback loop;HR policies;natural language processing;document retrieval;embeddings;semantic search;automated ticketing;enterprise AI},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11493389&isnumber=11493157

R. T. Prasetio, Y. Ramdhani and D. P. Alamsyah, "Scrum Method in Help-desk Ticketing and Project Management System," 2021 3rd International Conference on Cybernetics and Intelligent System (ICORIS), Makasar, Indonesia, 2021, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICORIS52787.2021.9649626.Abstract: Trust, convenience, and user satisfaction are important for service providers or services. Especially in the field of technology, application service providers are very concerned about these three things for their users. Especially when there is a problem with the application, users will need communication with the provider, response and fast resolution of the problem. Application development is also an important factor for providers to improve services to users. PT. Ihsan Solusi Informatika is a company in the field of technology as a provider of banking system services and sharia-based savings and loan cooperatives. Of course, expect good service for users. Reporting management and problem solving as well as project management or system development are needed to improve services. This researcher aims to build a helpdesk ticketing and project management application using the web-based scrum method. The application is built with HTML, Javascript and Python programming languages. Application testing uses the black-box testing method to show the application is running as needed. The results of the study show that the application built is beneficial for users and of course for service providers to improve services with well-documented reporting and are immediately accepted by all service provider members so that it has an impact on the efficiency of internal performance. This application provides information about reporting problems reported by users, and there is a comment feature for communication between users and service providers. keywords: {Project management;Companies;Banking;Problem-solving;Intelligent systems;Cybernetics;Testing;Black-box Testing;Helpdesk;Project Management;Python;Scrum},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9649626&isnumber=9649441

Z. Wei, R. Dong, X. Luo and F. Liu, "Model Checking Airline Tickets Reservation System Based on BPEL," 2009 Third International Conference on Genetic and Evolutionary Computing, Guilin, China, 2009, pp. 248-251, doi: 10.1109/WGEC.2009.86.Abstract: BPEL is a business flow language which describes the composition of web services. Since business flow is very complex, the method of formalized analysis can help ensure the accuracy of composition of web services. For the Airline Tickets Reservation System described by BPEL, we provide a formalized analysis process with FSM in this paper, and finally translate it into programs described by Promela. The safety property and behavior property are verified with model checking tool SPIN, the results of experiment show no flaw in this system. keywords: {Web services;Automata;Petri nets;Protocols;Safety;Software systems;Genetics;Writing;Formal verification;Software design},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5402900&isnumber=5402743

T. L. Anita, A. Sarastiani and R. Awaluddin, "Impact of Service Communication Technology, and Effectiveness on Public Service Performance by Chatbot Service on Ticket Sales Services at PT KAI," 2022 International Conference on Informatics, Multimedia, Cyber and Information System (ICIMCIS), Jakarta, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 518-522, doi: 10.1109/ICIMCIS56303.2022.10017696.Abstract: The adaptation of technology used in industries increases and benefits companies. The use of IoT in Chatbots is one of the company's choices to create communication with its consumers. This study aims to determine the influence of service communication technology, value creation, and effective use of chatbot programs on public service performance on ticket sales services at PT KAI. Data collection was carried out by survey with a purposive sampling technique. Hypothesis testing of the study was carried out with PLS-SEM. The results showed that service communication technology does not have an influence either directly or indirectly on public service performance through effective use. keywords: {Industries;Companies;Data collection;Chatbots;Communications technology;Multimedia communication;Informatics;Chatbot;Effective use;Public Service Performance;Service communication technology;Value creation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10017696&isnumber=10017449

R. S. Susarla, "Assessing Agile Frameworks for Software Development Efficiency Industry Insights and Implementation with Jira Atlassian Agile Tools," 2026 IEEE 5th International Conference on AI in Cybersecurity (ICAIC), Houston, TX, USA, 2026, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICAIC67076.2026.11395756.Abstract: Software development projects often struggle with predictability, resource allocation and resolving issues in a timely manner, leading to inefficiencies in Agile workflows. This study addresses these challenges through data mining of caused data from Jira Atlassian software to mix applied analytics for simulation and process modeling and optimization of the Agile Scrum process. Project issues were extracted from the Jira platform. Using these collected data a program application in Python with the use of pandas, NumPy, Plotly, and Seaborn was utilized to analyze the data. Descriptive statistics, the correlation between features, and Kaplan-Meier methods were used to modelling tickets. Results revealed issues taken an average time of approximate 1.82 hours and lead time of 0.07 days. Furthermore, discrete-event simulation was utilized to model the project issues of development, testing, and project review workflows. Monte Carlo simulations were utilized to improve planning with respect to estimating sprints and catching areas of potential problems. Interactive visualizations supported all analyses and included network graphs and Sankey diagrams. This result indicates that analyzing historical data from Jira and simulation using discrete event and Monte Carlo approaches, provided opportunities to improver sprint predictability, workflow inefficiencies, and data-driven decisions for efficient Agile project management. keywords: {Monte Carlo methods;Reviews;Process modeling;Software;Planning;Resource management;Scrum (Software development);Optimization;Python;Testing;Agile Software Development;Python Simulation;Jira Analytics;Resource Management;Sprint Planning;Monte Carlo Simulation;Workflow Optimization},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11395756&isnumber=11395640

S. Saito, Y. Iimura, A. K. Massey and A. I. Antón, "How Much Undocumented Knowledge is there in Agile Software Development?: Case Study on Industrial Project Using Issue Tracking System and Version Control System," 2017 IEEE 25th International Requirements Engineering Conference (RE), Lisbon, Portugal, 2017, pp. 194-203, doi: 10.1109/RE.2017.33.Abstract: In agile software development projects, software engineers prioritize implementation over documentation to eliminate needless documentation. Is the cost of missing documentation greater than the cost of producing unnecessary or unused documentation? Even without these documents, software engineers maintain other software artifacts, such as tickets in an issue tracking system (ITS) or source code committed to a version control system (VCS). Do these artifacts contain the necessary knowledge? In this paper, we examine undocumented knowledge in an agile software development project at NTT. For our study, we collected 159 commit logs in a VCS and 102 tickets in the ITS from the three-month period of the project. We propose a ticket-commit network chart (TCC) that visually represents time-series commit activities along with filed issue tickets. We also implement a tool to generate the TCC using both commit log and ticket data. Our study revealed that in 16% of all commits, software engineers committed source code to the VCS without a corresponding issue ticket in the ITS. Had these commits been based on individual issue tickets, these "unissued" tickets would have accounted for 20% of all tickets. Software users and requirements engineers also evaluated the contents of these commits and found that 42% of the "unissued" tickets were required for software operation and 23% of those were required for requirements modification. keywords: {Software;Agile software development;Documentation;Tools;Data visualization;Knowledge management;Agile Agile Development;Issue Tracking System;Version Control System;Requirements Knowledge},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8048905&isnumber=8048874

M. -j. Liao, K. -y. Wang and X. -q. Meng, "Simulation of Ticket Hall Queuing Behavior in Transit Station Based on Cellular Automata Model," 2010 International Conference on E-Product E-Service and E-Entertainment, Henan, China, 2010, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/ICEEE.2010.5660173.Abstract: Cellular Automata (CA) model is extensively applied to pedestrian evacuation simulation in emergency, but little research is about pedestrian behavior of orderly activities in normal situation. Based on queue theory, CA, finite state machine model and visibility graph, queuing behavior and path search algorithm are modeled. Considering the direction of queue activities, a pedestrian locomotion behavior model based on CA is presented. The simulation model is implemented with object-oriented program language(C#). The result shows that the model can simulate the pedestrian behavior in normal situation. keywords: {Automata;Computational modeling;Shape;Planning;Logic gates;Mathematical model;Legged locomotion},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5660173&isnumber=5660092

Z. Jin, L. Yu-jing and L. Yan-yang, "Pricing model of train passenger transport based on the value of travel time and Bi-level programming," 2013 International Conference on Management Science and Engineering 20th Annual Conference Proceedings, Harbin, China, 2013, pp. 393-399, doi: 10.1109/ICMSE.2013.6586311.Abstract: An approach to a method of Bi-level programming and value of travel time is used to study the strategies of passenger transport pricing. The Bi-level programming approaches and the value of travel time have been used to study several of transportation problems, but few studies have included both of them. In this research with dividing passengers into some groups of different income levels, a variable of comfort levels is introduced to calculate the generalized value of travel time. A pricing model which is based on the value of travel time and Bi-level programming is put forward to maximize the benefit of the railway agencies and the passengers' utility, which considers the passenger's mode choice behavior with different income levels. The study results show that the model is appropriate for problems of passenger transport pricing. The relative optimal result based on the value of travel time and Bi-level programming has been proved correctly through studying an example of the Beijing-Shanghai high speed railway passenger ticket pricing. The pricing model would support the passenger ticket pricing of high speed railway. keywords: {Pricing;Programming;Fatigue;Rail transportation;Planning;Sensitivity analysis;Bi-level programming;logit model;passenger transport pricing;value of travel time},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6586311&isnumber=6586251

Y. P. Wibisono, C. Hetty Primasari and A. Kesuma, "e-Vent : Support System for Event Registration," 2019 2nd International Conference on Applied Information Technology and Innovation (ICAITI), Denpasar, Indonesia, 2019, pp. 157-162, doi: 10.1109/ICAITI48442.2019.8982127.Abstract: Registration, ticketing, and valid certificates are a series of work that must be done by event organizer. The registration, ticketing, and certificate issuance stages are often carried out using conventional or manual methods using stationery, print, and paper media. The conventional method is often an obstacle that causes the program to run less smoothly. This problem can be overcome by applying e-registration technology and QR Code as a substitute for tickets and e-certificates. Cellular technology such as smartphone can be the right solution for event organizers to overcome these obstacles. The application of an event registration system (e-Vent) that combines e-registration technology and QR Code as validation of registration and certificates is an effective and easy solution in implementing the stages of procuring an event. With E-Registration, data on participants who have registered will be stored in the database and will be displayed using the QR Code as the entry ticket sent to the participant's email. With this, QR Code readers can access data quickly to validate event participant data. The process of filling out the registration form can be done anywhere and anytime and the registration verification process can be done more quickly and accurately through this e-Vent system. The e-Vent system is designed using the FAST method and uses CodeIgniter as a development framework for web admins and Android Studio as a tool for developing QR Code reader validator applications. keywords: {Technological innovation;Costs;Cellular technology;Databases;Operating systems;QR codes;Manuals;Media;Filling;Information technology;registration;event;QR Code;ticketing;certificates;validation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8982127&isnumber=8982114

A. Cyril, V. George and R. H. Mulangi, "Electronic ticket machine data analytics for public bus transport planning," 2017 International Conference on Energy, Communication, Data Analytics and Soft Computing (ICECDS), Chennai, India, 2017, pp. 3917-3922, doi: 10.1109/ICECDS.2017.8390198.Abstract: This paper investigates various aspects related to demand modeling and line-planning for bus transport systems based on data elicited from Electronic Ticket Machine (ETM). The ETM data has not been explored thoroughly for transportation planning although it is nowadays collected and compiled by public transport undertakings on a regular basis. The data used in the study is part of transactions on ticket sales by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) maintained at 6 bus depots in Trivandrum city for the period between 2010 and 2013. The data collected through ETM is immensely huge with average monthly passenger transactions of approximately one million. The database can be audited and compiled to determine the passenger demand, operator's performance, and effectiveness of the service provided. It is possible to determine the origin-destination (OD) matrix of the bus commuters by querying the ETM database using a specially developed program in MATLAB®. The OD data will assist in travel demand modelling, decision-making, and formulation of strategies for future preplanning of the transit system. The work presented in this paper provides details on the block-diagram developed for the formulation of the programme, and a demonstration of its capabilities. In a similar manner, it is also possible to determine the link-volume in terms of passenger flow on the transit network using a specially developed program. Additionally, it is also possible to elicit details on the load-rate with information on boarding and alighting of passengers at bus stops in addition to performance-related statistical details can be elicited from the ETM database. It is proposed to develop MATLAB® based programs for the same. The work described herein also includes description on the use of the time-series approach in short-term demand forecasting. The present work proposes a number of analytical methods that can be employed to derive information from ETM data for travel demand modeling, and strategic and operational planning of public transport. keywords: {Planning;Urban areas;Estimation;Data collection;Data analysis;Data models;Transportation;ETM data;public transport;time-series;demand modelling;OD matrix;link volume},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8390198&isnumber=8389494

R. T. Prasad, G. Pallail and J. J. Mukkada, "Intelligent Autonomous Systems for Software Engineering - An Example," 2018 International Conference on Intelligent Autonomous Systems (ICoIAS), Singapore, 2018, pp. 111-115, doi: 10.1109/ICoIAS.2018.8494128.Abstract: In this ever-growing competitive world, traditionally large corporation IT systems need substantial effort and cost to maintain and manage systems engineering is called as IT Service management. With advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AI), IT service management can draw benefits and drive efficiency the way an incident or ticket is managed. AI can not only help in incident resolution steps (like incident creation, recording, response, resolution and closure), but also can ensure no-recurrence or no-repeat of the incident. This opportunity is the focus of this paper. In this paper, AI concepts starting from knowledge management, corpus creation and defining machine learning algorithm to automate all service management actions will be discussed. Readers of this paper will learn how to apply AI in IT Service management and identify approaches to define organizational specific machine learning algorithms. This paper also provides a bird's eye view of what is the structured approach for applying AI in various IT fields, with Service management as an example field. keywords: {Artificial intelligence;Monitoring;Tools;Maintenance engineering;Semantics;Knowledge management;Optimization;IT service management;application maintenance;auto record;auto triage;auto resolve;optimization},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8494128&isnumber=8493641

S. Moreno, W. Yushimito and S. Hughes, "A Stacked Generalization Ensemble Model for Help Desk Ticket Assignment," 2022 41st International Conference of the Chilean Computer Science Society (SCCC), Santiago, Chile, 2022, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/SCCC57464.2022.10000332.Abstract: The assignment of Help Desk Support tickets (HDTAP) to programmers or developers is an important problem for Information Technology and software development companies. When the number of tickets and programmers are significant, the assignment becomes a time-consuming task. To handle this issue, companies develop software to manage the generation, the tracking, and the assignment of tickets to employees. Current advances in machine learning can automate the HDTAP, and make it more efficient. In this paper, we propose the use of an ensemble model based on Stacked Generalization that replicates the expert behavior by reducing the classification errors. The model is tested using data of a Chilean company that develops management software for hospitals. The results show that our proposal obtains the best accuracy and $F_{1}$ score outperforming, consistently, most state-of-the-art models. keywords: {Companies;Machine learning;Predictive models;Software;Data models;Time measurement;Proposals;Machine Learning;Help Desk;Assignment;Ensembles;Classification},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10000332&isnumber=10000270

D. Šmite, R. Britto and R. van Solingen, "Calculating the Extra Costs and the Bottom-Line Hourly Cost of Offshoring," 2017 IEEE 12th International Conference on Global Software Engineering (ICGSE), Buenos Aires, Argentina, 2017, pp. 96-105, doi: 10.1109/ICGSE.2017.12.Abstract: Offshoring software development activities to a remote site in another country continues to be one of the key strategies to save development cost. However, the assumed economic benefits of offshoring are often questionable, due to a large number of hidden costs and too simple cost calculations. This study is a continuation of our work on calculating the true hourly cost that includes the extra direct and indirect costs on top of the salary-based hourly rates. We collected data from an empirical case study conducted in a large international corporation. This corporation develops software-intensive systems and has offshored its ongoing product development from Sweden to a recently on-boarded captive company site in India. In this paper, we report a number of extra costs and their impact on the resulting hourly cost as well as the bottom-line cost per work unit. Our analysis includes quantitative data from corporate archives, and expert-based estimates gathered through focus groups and workshops with company representatives from both the onshore and the offshore sites. Our findings show that there is additional cost that can be directly or at least strongly attributed to the transfer of work, working on a distance, and immaturity of the offshore site. Consideration of extra costs increases the hourly cost several times, while the performance gaps between the mature sites and the immature site leads to an even higher difference. As a result, two years after on-boarding of the offshore teams, the mature teams in high-cost locations continue to be "cheaper" despite the big salary differences, and the most positive hypothetical scenario, in which the company could break even, is unrealistic. The implications of our findings are twofold. First, offshoring of complex ongoing products does not seem to lead to short-term bottom-line economic gains, and may not even reach breakeven within five years. Second, offshoring in the studied case can be justified but merely when initiated for other reasons than cost. keywords: {Software;Companies;Economics;Product development;Software engineering;Remuneration;Global software development;offshoring;offshore cost;software transfer;hidden cost;extra cost;case study;empirical;large-scale software development},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7976694&isnumber=7976668

G. V. Sundar and B. G. Rajagopal, "IoT based passenger information system optimized for Indian metros," 2017 International conference of Electronics, Communication and Aerospace Technology (ICECA), Coimbatore, India, 2017, pp. 92-96, doi: 10.1109/ICECA.2017.8203650.Abstract: Public transport plays a crucial role in meeting a city's transportation needs. Moreover, it helps reduce traffic congestion and vehicular pollution. In India, buses are the preferred mode of transit due to their cheap fare and extensive routes. The major obstacles to their usage are: 1) overcrowding and 2) uncertainty in arrival time. Crowd estimation techniques using cameras, infrared lasers at entrances are not suitable for Indian metros. Hence, our paper proposes a solution leveraging the Internet of Things. We have simulated the handheld Electronic Ticketing Machines (ETMS) used by Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) conductors via an android application. Crowd estimation is done by maintaining a list of “live” tickets (on-board passengers) of each bus at the server side. The ETMs communicate with the server via an Application Programming Interface (API). The Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver built into the ETM is used for real time tracking of the buses thereby notifying passengers about the bus arrival time. The crowd information and location of the bus are displayed in the client side android application embedded with Google Maps. This solution empowers passengers to take better decisions by bridging the information gap between passengers and bus operators. keywords: {Servers;Androids;Humanoid robots;Information systems;Global Positioning System;Estimation;Real-time systems;Internet of Things;Public bus transport;crowd estimation;Smart city;android application;Electronic Ticketing Machine;Passenger Information System},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8203650&isnumber=8203590

M. R. C. Maltezo, R. B. R. Bituonan, M. L. Narisma and I. C. Valenzuela, "Integrated Port eManagement and Monitoring System Using Radio Frequency Identification," 2018 IEEE 10th International Conference on Humanoid, Nanotechnology, Information Technology,Communication and Control, Environment and Management (HNICEM), Baguio City, Philippines, 2018, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/HNICEM.2018.8666360.Abstract: Transportation is an essential aspect to a developing country bringing service to all the people even in the countryside. The purpose of this study is to automate port services in monitoring and supervising the increasing number of passengers, improve port services like tracing passenger, ship crew members and generating real time voyage reports. The target output of the study is to produce system features of having integrated modules for passenger ticketing, check-in/boarding, baggage billing, and tracking appropriate passenger accommodation. RFID was used in identifying and authenticating passenger tags supported by Electronic Product Code (EPC) Class 1 Gen2 standard. The hardware components were interfaced using computer program modules for monitoring passenger accommodation. The passenger ticketing was developed as a web-based application using PHP, MySQL, CodeIgniter with online booking. System testing was successfully conducted to validate the performance of the sensor and the UHF reader used for better analysis and interpretation of the desired features as designed. The report print-out generated in a form of manifest or list of passengers correspond to the embarkation and disembarkation process. The result of the experiment in a ship environment setup showed localization of using RFID technology suited to improve services at the port area. keywords: {Monitoring;Transportation;Servers;Companies;RFID tags;Hardware;RFID tags;e-ticketing;sensing technologies},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8666360&isnumber=8666226

Aspen Olmsted, Secure Software Development: Learn to analyze and mitigate risks in your software projects , Packt Publishing, 2024.Abstract: Trace security requirements through each development phase, mitigating multiple-layer attacks with practical examples, and emerge equipped with the skills to build resilient applicationsKey FeaturesExplore the practical application of secure software development methodologiesModel security vulnerabilities throughout the software development lifecycle (SDLC)Develop the skills to trace requirements, from requirements gathering through to implementationPurchase of the print or Kindle book includes a free PDF eBookBook DescriptionExtend your software development skills to integrate security into every aspect of your projects. Perfect for any programmer or developer working on mission-critical applications, this hands-on guide helps you adopt secure software development practices. Explore core concepts like security specifi cation, modeling, and threat mitigation with the iterative approach of this book that allows you to trace security requirements through each phase of software development. You won’t stop at the basics; you’ll delve into multiple-layer att acks and develop the mindset to prevent them. Through an example application project involving an entertainment ticketing software system, you’ll look at high-profi le security incidents that have aff ected popular music stars and performers. Drawing from the author’s decades of experience building secure applications in this domain, this book off ers comprehensive techniques where problem-solving meets practicality for secure development. By the end of this book, you’ll have gained the expertise to systematically secure software projects, from crafting robust security specifi cations to adeptly mitigating multifaceted threats, ensuring your applications stand resilient in the face of evolving cybersecurity challenges.What you will learnFind out non-functional requirements crucial for software security, performance, and reliabilityDevelop the skills to identify and model vulnerabilities in software design and analysisAnalyze and model various threat vectors that pose risks to software applicationsAcquire strategies to mitigate security threats specific to web applicationsAddress threats to the database layer of an applicationTrace non-functional requirements through secure software designWho this book is forMany software development jobs require developing, maintaining, enhancing, administering, and defending software applications, websites, and scripts. This book is designed for software developers and web developers seeking to excel in these roles, offering concise explanations and applied example use-cases.

T. E. Potok and M. A. Vouk, "The effects of the business model on object-oriented software development productivity," in IBM Systems Journal, vol. 36, no. 1, pp. 140-161, 1997, doi: 10.1147/sj.361.0140.
Abstract: Unless the business model that governs software production adjusts to new technology, it is unlikely that an investment in the technology will result in real productivity benefits. Commercial development always takes place in the context of a business model, and in that context an understanding of how business constraints influence commercial software development is imperative. As software markets become more competitive and business pressures shorten software development cycles, improved software development productivity continues to be a major concern in the software industry. Many believe that new software technology, such as object-oriented development, provides a breakthrough solution to this problem. Unfortunately, there is little quantitative evidence for this belief. In this paper we explore the relationship between the business model and the productivity that a software development methodology can achieve in a commercial environment under that model. We first examine empirical data from several commercial products developed using object-oriented methods. The results indicate that object-oriented development may not perform any better than “procedural” development in environments that lack incentives for early completion of intermediate project tasks. We then model and simulate the impact of the software task-completion incentives and deadlines on the productivity that might be expected from a technology with high-performance potential. We show how and why some common business practices might lower project productivity and project completion probability. We also discuss to what extent poor software process control and (im)maturity of the technology compounds the problem.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5387183&isnumber=5387175


D. Schöttke, A. Zielstorff, T. Kämpfe, V. Denkov and S. Schäfer, "Leveraging the Asset Administration Shell: A Ticket-Based Test Environment for Industry 4.0 Components," 2023 IEEE 28th International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation (ETFA), Sinaia, Romania, 2023, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/ETFA54631.2023.10275376.Abstract: The importance of comprehensive automated component test solutions has been underlined by the growing need for adaptable, demand-driven manufacturing plants. Software solutions, which play a key role in the flexibility and complexity of a plant, contribute significantly to this trend. A fundamental aspect of this is the interoperability of Industry 4.0 components. Despite the availability of numerous software environments for the configuration of Industry 4.0 components, there is a lack of generally accepted definitions for the implementation of test strategies. In particular, the integration of legacy systems requires critical support. Ideally, this should be done semi or fully automated. This paper presents a test environment concept based on established software engineering test methodologies and the use of the Asset Administration Shell (AAS). A testing strategy for Industry 4.0 components using a ticket system is proposed. The approach uses descriptors to facilitate test execution without further software development effort within the native system component environment. keywords: {Aging;Market research;Software;Fourth Industrial Revolution;Complexity theory;Manufacturing automation;Interoperability;Industry 4.0 component;Asset Administration Shell;test scenarios},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10275376&isnumber=10275329

X. -e. You and Y. Zhu, "Research and design of Web Single Sign-On scheme," 2012 IEEE Symposium on Robotics and Applications (ISRA), Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 2012, pp. 383-386, doi: 10.1109/ISRA.2012.6219204.Abstract: The thesis designs an easy to use, safe, efficient solution of Web Single Sign-On, referring to the design idea of Kerberos protocol based on ticket access and using Single Sign-On model of Broker-Agent-Based. In this program, the use of URL redirects and Cookie technology achieve Single Sign-On, can be implemented, and has a good application and promotion of value. keywords: {Authentication;Logic gates;Cryptography;Servers;Safety;Browsers;Single Sign-On;Cookie;Ticket},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6219204&isnumber=6219100

R. Rammage, H. Lei, M. Claus and D. Baer, "Expert software development estimation with uncertainty correction," The 2nd International Conference on Software Engineering and Data Mining, Chengdu, China, 2010, pp. 624-630.Abstract: Creation of an effective metrics and estimation program is an important but daunting step for the maturing software development organization This paper outlines a roadmap for implementing a process that establishes a program that will reap a large portion of the benefits early in the process with a minimum of implementation effort and cost This process includes a mechanism to improve software estimation accuracy as historical data becomes available for more sophisticated methods. Furthermore, we present a practical proposal for software estimation in industry based on software task size, complexity, and uncertainty. keywords: {Programming;Uncertainty;Costs;Job shop scheduling;Computer industry;Project management;Research and development;Biomedical optical imaging;Proposals;Calibration;software estimation;metrics;process;effort and cost;dependency;historical data;accuracy;complexity;uncertainty},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5542847&isnumber=5542824

M. Nakano, R. Saga and H. Tsuji, "Hotel room allocation for sales channel by dynamic programming," 2005 IEEE Conference on Emerging Technologies and Factory Automation, Catania, Italy, 2005, pp. 6 pp.-1100, doi: 10.1109/ETFA.2005.1612651.Abstract: This paper describes the sales channels decision problem on balancing opportunity loss and supply surplus. Service industries which sell limited, perishable inventories such as flight tickets and hotel rooms through multi sales channels are constantly faced with the problem how to allocate their inventories for getting the optimum total revenues because a high profitable channel has weak sales power and a low profitable channel has strong one. In order to solve this problem timely and reasonably, this paper formulates an original problem as dynamic programming where the decision factors are induced from the past sales records. Achieving numerical simulation, this paper also shows the availability of the strategy with dynamic programming is shown. keywords: {Marketing and sales;Dynamic programming;Resource management;Aerospace engineering;Supply chain management;Risk management;Companies;Electricity supply industry;Numerical simulation;Availability},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1612651&isnumber=33857

T. Welzer, P. Kokol, A. Habjanic, B. Brumen, M. Druzovec and A. Kamisalic, "Teaching IT in Health Care and Nursing Program--Experiences," Twentieth IEEE International Symposium on Computer-Based Medical Systems (CBMS'07), Maribor, Slovenia, 2007, pp. 349-356, doi: 10.1109/CBMS.2007.106.Abstract: From buying transport tickets (railway, bus, metro, airplane) up to shopping (books, tourist trips, clothes, food,..) and visiting cultural events (theater, cinema, concerts) or medical doctors (medicine prescriptions, illness, regular examination) activities connected to the information technology (IT) are needed and requested from professionals, participating in one or another above mentioned process. We would like to point out that every visit to the medical doctor nowadays requests the cooperation of IT. But are medical doctors and nurses really sufficiently equipped with knowledge about IT - which is in part their working environment? Without doubt, more knowledge about the possibilities, benefits, possible mistakes and their consequences related to IT is needed for being used adequately in the health services. In the paper we will present experiences which aim at moving those possible obstacles and targets in this field. In general, we will shortly present the health care and nursing study program. Additionally, we will focus on different for health care important IT areas. The paper will also discuss the experiences and assessments which are acquired during the last years by students. keywords: {Medical services;Biomedical informatics;Computer science;Computer science education;Computer networks;Rail transportation;Airplanes;Books;Cultural differences;Motion pictures},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4262674&isnumber=4262611

I. Kume, M. Nakamura, N. Nitta and E. Shibayama, "Analyzing Execution Traces of Failed Programs for Materializing Chain of Infection," 2017 5th Intl Conf on Applied Computing and Information Technology/4th Intl Conf on Computational Science/Intelligence and Applied Informatics/2nd Intl Conf on Big Data, Cloud Computing, Data Science (ACIT-CSII-BCD), Hamamatsu, Japan, 2017, pp. 333-339, doi: 10.1109/ACIT-CSII-BCD.2017.68.Abstract: Debug is a software development task to find and correct the cause of a failed program execution. A diagnosis is a hypothesis to specify the cause and to explain the process for a program to fail. Evaluating the relevance of maintainers' internal thoughts is very important for conducting an experiment to evaluate a new debugger. We believe that analysis of such relevance gives us precise explanations of experimental results, which tells how a new debugger supports participants. We are now developing a dynamic analysis to obtain a data that enables us to evaluate the relevance of internal thoughts by a maintainer trying to make a diagnosis. Such a data, called materialized infection, enables us to check if execution points referenced by a maintainer implement the chain of infection to make a program fails. In this paper we explain the concepts of our dynamic analysis and discuss its limitations and future work. keywords: {Big Data;Cloud computing;Data science;TV;debug;experiment;dynamic analysis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8787020&isnumber=8786994

E. Schaefer and A. Schaefer, "Maximizing the Score in “Ticket to Ride”," in IEEE Transactions on Games, vol. 18, no. 1, pp. 229-232, March 2026, doi: 10.1109/TG.2025.3635106.
Abstract: We give two graph-theoretic models and a mixed-integer program to calculate the maximum achievable score in the popular board game ‘‘Ticket to Ride.” In Ticket to Ride, players compete to claim railway routes on a map, with points awarded based on the length of each route and the successful completion of destination tickets connecting specific city pairs. Each player has 45 train cars available, and each route can be chosen by only one player. Using the mixed-integer programming model, we examine the optimal solution with the 45 allocatable train cars, leading to an optimal score of 285 points. We also calculate the optimal solutions for up to 50 train cars. We determine the most frequently chosen tickets and routes over these 50 instances, giving insight into how optimization might be used to balance games. In particular, we identify several instances in which the point values can be adjusted to better balance the game.
keywords: {Games;Urban areas;Directed graphs;Automobiles;Rail transportation;Programming;Optimization;North America;Artificial intelligence;Upper bound;Board games;game balancing;graph theory;integer programming},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11271185&isnumber=11442848


C. Matthies, "Feedback in Scrum: Data-Informed Retrospectives," 2019 IEEE/ACM 41st International Conference on Software Engineering: Companion Proceedings (ICSE-Companion), Montreal, QC, Canada, 2019, pp. 198-201, doi: 10.1109/ICSE-Companion.2019.00081.Abstract: Improving the way that teams work together by reflecting and improving the executed process is at the heart of agile processes. The idea of iterative process improvement takes various forms in different agile development methodologies, e.g. Scrum Retrospectives. However, these methods do not prescribe how improvement steps should be conducted in detail. In this research we investigate how agile software teams can use their development data, such as commits or tickets, created during regular development activities, to drive and track process improvement steps. Our previous research focused on data-informed process improvement in the context of student teams, where controlled circumstances and deep domain knowledge allowed creation and usage of specific process measures. Encouraged by positive results in this area, we investigate the process improvement approaches employed in industry teams. Researching how the vital mechanism of process improvement is implemented and how development data is already being used in practice in modern software development leads to a more complete picture of agile process improvement. It is the first step in enabling a data-informed feedback and improvement process, tailored to a team's context and based on the development data of individual teams. keywords: {Software;Interviews;Companies;Tools;Industries;Process control;Scrum (Software development);agile;software development;Scrum;retrospective;software process improvement},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8802669&isnumber=8802628

W. Wang and J. Huo, "Network Capacity Allocation with Multi-Channel Distribution," 2018 15th International Conference on Service Systems and Service Management (ICSSSM), Hangzhou, China, 2018, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICSSSM.2018.8465024.Abstract: Recently reducing channel distribution costs has been concerned for many airlines which are facing fierce competition in airline markets. In a long period since the 1970s, capacity control has always played a pivotal role in defining airlines market strategy. However, when airlines selects distribution channels and make capacity allocation decisions, they still separately make different decisions. Hence, when a customer purchases a ticket from a channel with an appropriate fare class, the channel might not be an optimal channel from the airlines perspective. When the airline sells a ticket in a right channel, the ticket price is probably not a right fare. In this study, we proposes a new model which integrate channel distribution into network dynamic capacity control model. To solve these problem, the paper has proposed an approximation method. The numerical experiment results illustrate that the new model can significantly improve the revenues and efficiently reduce the channel distribution cost for airlines. keywords: {Atmospheric modeling;Companies;Numerical models;Industries;Resource management;Legged locomotion;Approximation methods;Multi-channel Distribution;Network revenue management;dynamic programming;linear programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8465024&isnumber=8464952

H. Li, L. Ran and J. -l. Li, "Option-based dynamic pricing on airline," 2008 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations and Logistics, and Informatics, Beijing, China, 2008, pp. 1541-1546, doi: 10.1109/SOLI.2008.4682771.Abstract: Dynamic pricing has been one of the major research areas of revenue management. This paper provided a novel dynamic pricing method based on option and showed how an airline may be considered as the holder of a financial option on tickets. In a fully competitive market, a partial differential equation model was used to describe the financial aspects of the price of tickets and the partial differential equations were established for the call and put option price. Based on the new method, the tickets' price has been decided using finite difference method; the amount of tickets sold has been calculated using an integral linear programming. Such a pricing model was much better than the method that didn't take option into consideration. keywords: {Airline industry;Mathematical models;Pricing;Atmospheric modeling;Silicon;Contracts;Partial differential equations;Linear programming;Random processes;Legged locomotion;option;revenue managementy;dynamic pricing;airline;integral linear programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4682771&isnumber=4682741

Q. Perez, P. -A. Jean, C. Urtado and S. Vauttier, "Bug or not bug? That is the question," 2021 IEEE/ACM 29th International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC), Madrid, Spain, 2021, pp. 47-58, doi: 10.1109/ICPC52881.2021.00014.Abstract: Nowadays, development teams often rely on tools such as Jira or Bugzilla to manage backlogs of issues to be solved to develop or maintain software. Although they relate to many different concerns (e.g., bug fixing, new feature development, architecture refactoring), few means are proposed to identify and classify these different kinds of issues, except for non mandatory labels that can be manually associated to them. This may lead to a lack of issue classification or to issue misclassification that may impact automatic issue management (planning, assignment) or issue-derived metrics. Automatic issue classification thus is a relevant topic for assisting backlog management. This paper proposes a binary classification solution for discriminating bug from non bug issues. This solution combines natural language processing (TF-IDF) and classification (multi-layer perceptron) techniques, selected after comparing commonly used solutions to classify issues. Moreover, hyper-parameters of the neural network are optimized using a genetic algorithm. The obtained results, as compared to existing works on a commonly used benchmark, show significant improvements on the F1 measure for all datasets. keywords: {Computer bugs;Software algorithms;Prototypes;Tools;Software;Natural language processing;Robustness;Bug Classification;Bug Tickets;Empirical Software Engineering;Natural Language Processing;Neural Network Optimization;Genetic Algorithm},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9462993&isnumber=9462957

A. Marques, N. C. Bradley and G. C. Murphy, "Characterizing Task-Relevant Information in Natural Language Software Artifacts," 2020 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution (ICSME), Adelaide, SA, Australia, 2020, pp. 476-487, doi: 10.1109/ICSME46990.2020.00052.Abstract: To complete a software development task, a software developer often consults artifacts which mostly consist of natural language text, such as API documentation, bug reports, and Q&A forums. Not all information within these artifacts is relevant to a developer's current task, forcing them to filter through large amounts of irrelevant information, a frustrating and time-consuming activity. Since failing to locate relevant information may lead developers to incorrect or incomplete solutions, many approaches attempt to automatically extract relevant information from natural language artifacts. However, existing approaches are able to identify relevant text only for certain types of tasks and artifacts. To explore how these limitations could be relaxed, we conducted a controlled experiment in which we asked 20 software developers to examine 20 natural language artifacts consisting of 1,874 sentences and highlight the text they considered relevant to six software development tasks. Although the 2,463 distinct highlights participants created indicate variability in the perceived relevance of the text, the information considered key to completing the tasks was consistent. We observe consistency in the text using frame semantics, an approach that captures the key meaning of sentences, suggesting that frame semantics can be used in the future to automatically identify task-relevant information in natural language artifacts. keywords: {Software maintenance;Natural languages;Semantics;Tools;Software;Data mining;Task analysis;Empirical Software Engineering;Information Foraging;Developer Productivity;Empirical Study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9240640&isnumber=9240598

C. d. E. Fernandes, E. L. Veras, C. S. de Oliveira, W. P. A. Marques, K. J. B. Sanches and J. A. Sciammarelli, "Applying Machine Learning techniques to classify requirements in software engineering," 2025 29th International Computer Science and Engineering Conference (ICSEC), Chiang Mai, Thailand, 2025, pp. 113-118, doi: 10.1109/ICSEC67360.2025.11298020.Abstract: The objective of this paper is to explore the application of machine learning techniques to classify software requirements using data extracted from a database where each requirement is represented as a ticket. Several supervised classification algorithms (decision tree, random forest, Support Vector Machines (SVM), and Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) network) were evaluated to assign requirements to different development departments based on their scope. Despite being considered traditional approaches in the field of artificial intelligence, these algorithms have demonstrated strong performance when tackling complex classification tasks. The study leverages historical data from the internal requirement engineering process to experiment with and evaluate which algorithm best automates departmental assignment, using probability-based outcomes as a final decision metric. This research contributes insights into reducing manual effort while improving consistency across the software development lifecycle. keywords: {Support vector machines;Measurement;Software algorithms;Manuals;Software;Classification algorithms;Requirements engineering;Random forests;Software engineering;Software development management;Artificial Intelligence;Data Science;Requirements Classification;Classification Algorithms;Machine Learning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11298020&isnumber=11297984

Sufang Chen, "Power dispatching sheet generation system based Multi-Agent," 2010 International Conference on Computer, Mechatronics, Control and Electronic Engineering, Changchun, China, 2010, pp. 126-129, doi: 10.1109/CMCE.2010.5609893.Abstract: The electric power system operation sheet is an effective security measures to prevent misuse in China's electric power system operation and management. This paper designed a fully functional Automation Dispatching Operation System of Power Network, in which Multi-Agent System(MAS) theory is applied. This paper based on Multi-Agent System theory to establish the overall framework of system, and integrate the knowledge of Expert System theory, Object Oriented Programming technology and Database Management. The MAS model is constructed. On the basis of this model, this paper researched in the communications between MAS and the SCADA system, focus on the MAS collaboration between the control strategy and communications coordination mechanism. Through the communications and coordination between agents, the sheet generation function is realized. The system is used in one county dispatch center. Practice has proved that the MAS model is effective and practical. keywords: {Databases;Printing;Multi-Agent System;Power dispatching ticket;Expert system;County dispatch center;Operating rules},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5609893&isnumber=5609791

Su-Fang Chen, "Automation Power Dispatching sheet System based Multi-Agent," 2009 International Conference on Apperceiving Computing and Intelligence Analysis, Chengdu, China, 2009, pp. 286-289, doi: 10.1109/ICACIA.2009.5361097.Abstract: The electric power system operation sheet is an effective security measures to prevent misuse in China's electric power system operation and management.This paper designed a fully functional Automation Dispatching Operation System of Power Network, in which Multi-Agent System(MAS) theory is applied. This paper based on Multi-Agent System theory to establish the overall framework of system, and integrate the knowledge of Expert System theory, Object Oriented Programming technology and Database Management.The MAS model is constructed. On the basis of this model, this paper researched in the communications between MAS and the SCADA system, focus on the MAS collaboration between the control strategy and communications coordination mechanism. Through the communications and coordination between agents, the sheet generation function is realized. The system is used in one county dispatch center. Practice has proved that the MAS model is effective and practical. keywords: {Automation;Dispatching;Object oriented modeling;Power system management;Multiagent systems;Power system modeling;Power system security;Power measurement;Electric variables measurement;Energy management;Multi-Agent System;Power dispatching ticket;Expert system;County dispatch center;Operating rules},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5361097&isnumber=5361059

K. Kaur, T. Thanuja, O. Dahiya, P. T. Sai, H. Kaur and J. Singh, "Design and Development of a Ticket Booking System using Smart Bot," 2022 10th International Conference on Reliability, Infocom Technologies and Optimization (Trends and Future Directions) (ICRITO), Noida, India, 2022, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICRITO56286.2022.9964700.Abstract: Chatbot is a computer software program, that communicates to users via text or speech. This helps users to get information quickly, guides on something which the user is not aware of, answers the inputs rapidly, provides a better service, and assists online users 24/7. When there is an input, the chatbot will answer the question using the database which is already stored and available. It works based on Artificial intelligence and National Processing Language. This article will help you to develop a chatbot for a website using python inbuilt Libraries like NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit, PyTorch, and other useful dependencies. this application will let you use it in offline mode too. Adding convenience is the main concept of Chabot. The working nature of a chatbot depends on the technology being implemented. Chatbots are widely developed and used in various organizations like Google, Microsoft, Facebook-messenger, Telegram, and more. Python is a simple language, with no or less syntax. It has inbuilt modules, which makes the developer's work easy. PyTorch is one of them. Pytorch helps to create a neural network so that responses to a user can be more accurate. Processing the request by changing verbal language to machine language and in return responding in the verbal language will be trained while developing. Here chatbot development, implementation, and review analysis of various papers are discussed. keywords: {Natural languages;Neural networks;Organizations;Syntactics;Chatbots;Reliability engineering;Market research;Chatbot;Python;NLTK (Natural Language Toolkit);NLP (Natural Processing Language);Pytorch},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9964700&isnumber=9964406

M. Imai, T. Sato and T. Shiina, "Revenue management problem considering overbooking in the aviation industry," 2021 10th International Congress on Advanced Applied Informatics (IIAI-AAI), Niigata, Japan, 2021, pp. 855-860, doi: 10.1109/IIAI-AAI53430.2021.00149.Abstract: This paper presents an optimization model using stochastic programming to secure the optimum seat and maximizing the profit of the airline in consideration of overbooking. Airline seat inventory control involves selling the right seats to the right people at the right time. If an airline sells tickets on a first-come, first-serve basis, it is likely to be occupied by leisure travelers and late bookers. Generally, business travelers willing to pay a higher fare will subsequently find no seats left, and revenue from such sales will be lost. While there are various needs that depend on the type of passenger, we propose an optimization model using stochastic programming as a method of maximizing the profit of the airline company by securing seats appropriately and employing the concept of overbooking. keywords: {Industries;Fluctuations;Atmospheric modeling;Stochastic processes;Programming;Predictive models;Inventory control;revenue management;stochastic programming;overbooking},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9791038&isnumber=9790720

T. N. Van et al., "Security Features in MariaDB and PostgreSQL and Applying in Software Engineering," 2025 Asia Meeting on Environment and Electrical Engineering (EEE-AM), Hanoi, Vietnam, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/EEE-AM66675.2025.11473793.Abstract: This study conducts a comprehensive comparison of the security features of MariaDB and PostgreSQL in the context of a web-based conference management system. The research evaluates authentication mechanisms, access control, encryption, audit logging, attack resilience, and backup/recovery through both theoretical analysis and experimental testing. A conference management application developed using ASP.NET Core 6.0 and Blazor Server is used as the testing platform, processing datasets ranging from 1GB to 10GB. Custom Python scripts simulate SQL Injection and DDoS attacks to assess security and performance levels. The results show that PostgreSQL excels with its advanced row-level security features and point-in-time recovery capabilities, achieving high performance under heavy loads with 9,000 requests per second and an error rate of 1.5%. Meanwhile, MariaDB proves effective in resource-constrained environments, thanks to its transparent data encryption and faster backup/recovery process. The study contributes a scientific analysis of database security to guide appropriate database selection, a practical web application for conference management, and proposes optimization directions using Random Forest for anomaly detection and Hyperledger Fabric to ensure ticket integrity. These findings offer valuable insights into deploying secure database management systems in real-world applications. keywords: {Payloads;Military aircraft;Space technology;Central Processing Unit;Electronic circuits;Denial-of-service attack;Distributed denial-of-service attack;Protocols;Communication system security;Communication systems;Database Security;mariadb;postgresql;SQL Injection;ddos;Row-level Security;Transparent Data Encryption;Point-in-Time Recovery;ASP.NET Core;Blazor Server;JWT;oauth2},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11473793&isnumber=11473322

C. Adapa, A. A R K, R. Rahim and A. Victor, "A Multi-Agent AI Framework for Agile Workflow Automation, Issue Resolution, and Developer Performance Evaluation," 2025 IEEE International Conference for Women in Innovation, Technology & Entrepreneurship (ICWITE), Bangalore, India, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICWITE64848.2025.11306978.Abstract: The rise of agentic Artificial Intelligence (AI)autonomous systems capable of perceiving, reasoning, and acting with minimal human intervention-has opened new avenues for optimizing engineering workflows. In this paper, we propose an intelligent, agentic AI-driven framework to automate and enhance agile team collaboration and task management. Our system consists of a network of agentic AI modules integrated with real-time stand-up call transcription services. The primary AI agent autonomously parses daily meeting transcripts with an extraction accuracy of approximately 95 %, updating project management tools and minimizing manual task updates by automating about 60 % of ticket status changes. A secondary agent analyzes blockers with over 85 % contextual relevance, reducing blocker resolution time by up to 40 %. Additionally, performancetracking agents helped save approximately $22-25$ developer hours annually and reduced manager evaluation time by over 75 %, cutting it from 6 hours to 1.3 hours per developer per year. Overall, the framework demonstrates around a 20 % improvement in sprint planning accuracy and a 30% reduction in manual project tracking effort, introducing a novel multi-agent orchestration approach where AI agents autonomously extract, synchronize daily agile ceremonies establishing an end-to-end, real-time intelligent framework currently missing in Agile automation research. keywords: {Productivity;Performance evaluation;Accuracy;Automation;Collaboration;Manuals;Real-time systems;Planning;Synchronization;Software engineering;Agentic AI;Agile Workflow Automation;Intelligent Task Management;Developer Productivity;AI in Software Engineering;Autonomous Collaboration Agents;DFDataflow;P-Process;RAG-Retrieval-Augmented Generation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11306978&isnumber=11306902

S. N. Bakara and D. Gunawan, "Payment System Innovation Package Add on IPTV Using Multi-services on Screen Subscription (MOSS) Case Study UseeTV," 2020 IEEE International Conference on Industry 4.0, Artificial Intelligence, and Communications Technology (IAICT), Bali, Indonesia, 2020, pp. 151-156, doi: 10.1109/IAICT50021.2020.9172015.Abstract: A call center is a media that can accommodate customer complaints, including IPTV customers. However, along with the development of IPTV technology, PT Telkom customer complaints through call center 147 are increasing so that call center traffic is also higher, and solutions are needed to reduce the traffic that appears on back end tickets. One of the most common IPTV customer complaints is the difficulty of subscribers to subscribe to additional features provided by the provider. In response to this, we designed a payment system where customers can make payments for many features on a self-care basis based on Application Programming Interface (API), known as Multi- services On-Screen Subscription (MOSS). The API functions as a tool to connect several applications through one interface to simplify the operating system. The payment system designed can be used prepaid or postpaid. It is hoped that the presence of MOSS will improve the Quality of Experience (QoE) because USeeTV customers do not have to waste time contacting call center 147. MOSS also combined with variation of Financial Technologies to support Industry 4.0. keywords: {Technological innovation;Operating systems;Fintech;Media;Communications technology;IPTV;Fourth Industrial Revolution;Quality of experience;Artificial intelligence;Application programming interfaces;IPTV;Application Programming Interface;MOSS;Postpaid. Prepaid},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9172015&isnumber=9172008

M. Wang, Y. Ma, G. Li, W. Zhou and L. Chen, "Multi-Value Models for Allocation of Software Component Development Costs Based on Trustworthiness," in IEEE Access, vol. 8, pp. 122673-122684, 2020, doi: 10.1109/ACCESS.2020.3007158.
Abstract: The trustworthiness of software is an important attribute. The cost of software development increases with its improvement by software trustworthiness. As one of main methods of software development, component-based software development can reduce development costs to a certain extent. However, it is important to study how to allocate the given development costs to each component so that software trustworthiness can be optimized. First, multi-value models for allocation of software component development costs are established based on different structures of software system. Second, algorithms for allocation of software component development costs can be designed by using dynamic programming. The proposed allocation algorithms can allocate development costs to each component to optimize software trustworthiness. Furthermore, in order to allocate development costs to each component automatically, a web-based software tool for allocating development costs to each component is developed. Finally, a case study of a self-service ticketing system is provided to show the feasibility of the proposed allocation algorithms.
keywords: {Resource management;Software systems;Software algorithms;Mathematical model;Heuristic algorithms;Computational modeling;Allocation algorithm;component;development costs;dynamic programming;software trustworthiness},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9133387&isnumber=8948470


L. Salim, S. Harjono, F. Gunawan, J. Moniaga and I. Rianto, "A Literature Review on the Impact of Effective Management in Cyber Security System Performance," 2022 International Conference on Informatics, Multimedia, Cyber and Information System (ICIMCIS), Jakarta, Indonesia, 2022, pp. 172-177, doi: 10.1109/ICIMCIS56303.2022.10017933.Abstract: Cyber security is a fast-growing field. As the security infrastructure in a firm grows, it needed a more complex management solution that would also scales to be able to function well. As there are security concepts to be considered, there are also management properties that cannot be ignored. While the security part helps the system function properly and securely, great management could boost productivity and eliminate unnecessary errors. Both concepts are equally important features to consider when designing an effective security management model. While it is important to have great understanding of what the system would do, it is also common that one would integrate tools to help maintain it. Tools can be used to either maintain standards or to help micromanages assets or resources available. As an example, the use of the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), a scoring system that provides standardized way of capturing and producing quantitative score of a vulnerability would make a lot of processes easier to handle. While a ticketing or issue management tool could help manage tasks and resources laying around. In the end, the principal building blocks of the system itself could be simplified to both security and management models and integrated tools that serve the core aspect of the business process. One popular choice of such tools is Jira, an issue tracking application which can help to plan, track, and manage software development projects. keywords: {Productivity;Security management;System performance;Software;Internet of Things;Reliability;Computer crime;cyber security;framework;vulnerability;efficient;tools;management;ticketing;infrastructure},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10017933&isnumber=10017449

A. Forootani, M. Tipaldi, D. Liuzza and L. Glielmo, "Price Management in Resource Allocation Problem with Approximate Dynamic Programming," 2018 European Control Conference (ECC), Limassol, Cyprus, 2018, pp. 851-856, doi: 10.23919/ECC.2018.8550559.Abstract: The problem of managing the price for resource allocation arises in several applications, such as purchasing plane tickets, reserving a parking slot, booking a hotel room or renting SW/HW resources on a cloud. In this paper, we model a price management resource allocation problem with parallel Birth-Death stochastic Processes (BDPs) to account for the fact that the same resource can be possibly purchased by customers at different prices. In addition, customers can hold the resource at the purchase price to the necessary extent. The maximization of the revenue in both the finite and infinite time horizon cases is addressed in this paper with Stochastic Dynamic Programming (DP) approaches. To overcome the difficulty in solving the corresponding optimization problem due to the state space explosion, Approximate Dynamic Programming (ADP) techniques (in particular, the Least Square Temporal Difference method along with Monte Carlo simulations) are adopted. Furthermore, a MATLAB Toolbox is developed with the aim of solving stochastic DP/ADP problems and supporting probabilistic analysis. Extensive simulations are performed to show the effectiveness of the proposed model and the optimization approach. keywords: {Resource management;Mathematical model;Dynamic programming;Monte Carlo methods;Markov processes;Optimization},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8550559&isnumber=8550039

S. Kato and H. Tominaga, "A style and tool for group exercise of introductory programming with LEGO robot control as pre-education event," 2010 9th International Conference on Information Technology Based Higher Education and Training (ITHET), Cappadocia, Turkey, 2010, pp. 259-267, doi: 10.1109/ITHET.2010.5480081.Abstract: We have proposed a group exercise for beginners using LEGO Mindstorms robot kit. It is pre-education for introductory programming lesson. The educational purpose is to promote problem solving skill by control programming. It also aims to keep learning motivation during group collaboration works. We summarize some educational practices for college freshmen and high school students. We construct communication support system LegoWiki based on PukiWiki. It helps to raise group activity with strategy discussion and progress report. We offer some plug-in tools for friendly user-interface. Moreover, we discuss some project support functions about planning by road map and task control by ticket. keywords: {Robot programming;Robot control;Educational institutions;Programming profession;Robot sensing systems;USA Councils;Object oriented programming;Educational robots;Problem-solving;Seminars},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5480081&isnumber=5480007

M. Bonfe, C. Donati and C. Fantuzzi, "An application of software design methods to manufacturing systems supervision and control," Proceedings of the International Conference on Control Applications, Glasgow, UK, 2002, pp. 850-855 vol.2, doi: 10.1109/CCA.2002.1038713.Abstract: This paper reports the application of software engineering techniques to the analysis and design of logic and supervision control software for a complex manufacturing system, with particular regard to PLC-based control architectures. The design methodology presented in the paper relies on a mechatronic approach to the modularization of the whole problem, so that an efficient system decomposition can be performed, in order to reduce complexity of the software development task and increase flexibility and maintainability of the application. Modeling concepts derived from both object-oriented and structured analysis methods have been used to describe system modules and behaviour. However, some adaptations have been introduced, because the peculiarities of the manufacturing systems domain were difficult to express within an existing software design method. A practical case of study for the application of the design methodology proposed show that software engineering techniques can be applied successfully even in the unusual field of PLC-based control of manufacturing systems. keywords: {Application software;Software design;Manufacturing systems;Control systems;Software engineering;Design methodology;Logic design;Computer architecture;Mechatronics;Programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1038713&isnumber=22259

