N. Apriyanto, Y. Priyadi and D. S. Kusumo, "Extraction of Step Performed in Use Case Description as a Reference for Conformity of Sequence Diagrams Using Text Mining (Case Study: SRS APTU)," 2022 IEEE World AI IoT Congress (AIIoT), Seattle, WA, USA, 2022, pp. 476-482, doi: 10.1109/AIIoT54504.2022.9817341.Abstract: Extraction is an essential part of processing a document to ensure the success of the text mining process. In this study, the example of the SRS document used is the Integrated Service Application (APTU) KPKNL Bandung, an application to manage the process of submitting service tickets at the State Property and Auction Service Office. There is a difference in interpreting the activities that exist in the Use Case Description artifact with a Sequence Diagram that provides an overview of the functionality of a process to show the involvement of an activity related to the Use Case Description. This study aims to perform step extraction on the Use Case description. The results of this extraction are compared for their suitability with the sequence diagram using the concept of text mining. There are core results from this research activity. First, the highest similarity between documents is in the SP01 and SD01 documents, with the similarity value being 0.69108792. Second, the highest similarity between words is found in words “list” and “menu,” with the similarity value being 0.9412. Third, the Kappa Score from Gwet's AC1 formula using the Python programming language is 0.12362, which means “Slight Agreement,” while the Kappa Score value using a questionnaire filled in by the expert is 0.97464, which means “Almost perfect. keywords: {Text mining;Artificial intelligence;Python;Extraction;Step Performed;Use Case Description;Sequence Diagram;Text Mining;Similarity},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9817341&isnumber=9817144

A. Garg, N. Saxena, N. Verma, R. Kumar Singhal, R. Singhal and N. Kaggallu, "Examining the Smart Tourism Landscape: A Bibliometric Study and Analytical Synopsis of IoT Research," 2024 International Conference on Intelligent & Innovative Practices in Engineering & Management (IIPEM), Singapore, Singapore, 2024, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/IIPEM62726.2024.10925758.Abstract: This paper explores how IoT technologies are revolutionizing smart tourism with the goal of improving passenger experiences and operational efficiency. Key research trends in the field are identified by utilizing a bibliometric analysis and systematic literature assessment of 83 papers from SCOPUS till December 2023. The combination of technologies like Big data, wearables, AR, VR, cloud computing, ML, AI, and smart sensors is what makes IoT-driven smart tourism so unique. These developments provide unique features including cloud computing for data processing and storage, as well as improved data collection via integrated sensors. Examining several Internet of Things (IoT) applications related to smart tourism, like smart cities, recommender systems, electronic ticketing, and payment methods, highlights how important these applications are to improving security, and customized services. However, other problems—like security, privacy, complicated software, scalability, and compatibility—need strong answers. This study suggests future research directions spanning blockchain integration, edge computing, and improvement of visitor-smart tourism system interactions in addition to strengthening security and privacy protections. These programs seek to solve issues and seize possibilities in the face of an environment that is becoming more and more reliant on technology, all the while encouraging creative responses to the changing needs of the travel and tourist industry. keywords: {Industries;Privacy;Protocols;Smart cities;Bibliometrics;Software;Internet of Things;Security;Recommender systems;Intelligent sensors;Intelligent travel;the IOT;IoT advancements;SLR;bibliometric evaluation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10925758&isnumber=10925611

Tao Zhao and V. Karamcheti, "Expressing and Enforcing Distributed Resource Sharing Agreements," SC '00: Proceedings of the 2000 ACM/IEEE Conference on Supercomputing, Dallas, TX, USA, 2000, pp. 62-62, doi: 10.1109/SC.2000.10054.Abstract: Advances in computing and networking technology, and an explosion in information sources has resulted in a growing number of distributed systems getting constructed out of resources contributed by multiple sources. Use of such resources is typically governed by sharing agreements between owning principals, which limit both who can access a resource and in what quantity. Despite their increasing importance, existing resource management infrastructures offer only limited support for the expression and enforcement of sharing agreements, typically restricting themselves to identifying compatible resources. In this paper, we present a novel approach building on the concepts of tickets and currencies to express resource sharing agreements in an abstract, dynamic, and uniform fashion. We also formulate the allocation problem of enforcing these agreements as a linear-programming model, automatically factoring the transitive availability of resources via chained agreements. A case study modeling resource sharing among ISP-level web proxies shows the benefits of enforcing transitive agreements: worst-case waiting times of clients accessing these proxies improves by up to two orders of magnitude. keywords: {Resource management;Computer networks;Distributed computing;Availability;Time sharing computer systems;Supercomputers;Bandwidth;Application specific processors;Computer science;Explosions},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1592775&isnumber=33525

M. Chen et al., "Modeling and Performance Analysis of Single-Server Database Over Quasi-Static Rayleigh Fading Channel," in IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, vol. 72, no. 7, pp. 9602-9607, July 2023, doi: 10.1109/TVT.2023.3247031.
Abstract: Cloud database is the key technology in cloud computing. The effective and efficient service quality of the cloud database is inseparable from communication technology, just as improving communication quality will reduce the concurrency phenomenon in the ticketing system. In order to visually observe the impact of communication on the cloud database, we propose a Communication-Database (C-D) Model with a single-server database over the quasi-static Rayleigh fading channel, which consists of three parts: CLIENTS SOURCE, COMMUNICATION SYSTEM and DATABASE SYSTEM. This paper uses the queuing model, M/G/1//K, to model the whole system. The C-D Model is analyzed in two cases: nonlinearity and linearity, which correspond to some instances of SISO and MIMO. The program simulation results of average staying time, average number of transactions and other performance characteristics are basically consistent with theoretical results, which verify the validity of the C-D Model. The comparison of these experimental results also proves that poor communication quality does lead to the reduction in the quality of database service.
keywords: {Databases;Database systems;Communication systems;Analytical models;Rayleigh channels;Exponential distribution;Queueing analysis;Single-server database;quasi-static Rayleigh fading channel;exclusive lock;retrial;queue system},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10049524&isnumber=10186246


R. Weber, U. Gosda, O. Michler and J. Ringel, "WSN-based passenger localization in severe NLOS environments using SDP," International Conference on Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation, Montbeliard, France, 2013, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/IPIN.2013.6817900.Abstract: In this work we use wireless sensor networks (WSNs) to estimate positions for automated passenger registration with the purpose of an electronic ticketing application in public transport systems. The network is capable of measuring distances between the network's sensor nodes by phase-of-arrival (POA) ranging. In our application, the requirements regarding position accuracy are very demanding, due to the ranging biases caused by severe non-line-of-sight (NLOS) environments, i.e. highly reflective radio propagation. Hence, we suggest semidefinite programming (SDP) as a robust optimization algorithm for the localization process and apply a NLOS mitigation technique from literature to a modified cost function that may help to meet these requirements. Finally the proposed algorithm is compared with state-of-the-art positioning techniques. Testing with simulated and real measured data shows that the proposed SDP estimator outperforms the other positioning algorithms substantially, particularly in realistic NLOS environments. keywords: {Wireless sensor networks;Programming;Accuracy;Distance measurement;Mobile communication},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6817900&isnumber=6817839

B. H. P. Fabrin and D. B. Ferrari, "Agent-Based Simulation of Aircraft Boarding Strategies Considering Elderly Passengers," 2021 Winter Simulation Conference (WSC), Phoenix, AZ, USA, 2021, pp. 1-12, doi: 10.1109/WSC52266.2021.9715473.Abstract: Boarding is an important process for airline companies, with direct impact in operation efficiency and customer satisfaction. In some countries, priority boarding is required by law; elders, pregnant women, people with infants or disabilities have the right to embark first, regardless of ticket class, loyalty program or boarding group. The present work examines the effect of the adoption of priority boarding policy on total boarding time, along with other factors that are known to affect the efficiency of the boarding process, using an agent-based simulation model that represent the boarding process in a Boeing 767–300 aircraft. The simulated results indicate that the boarding process is improved by adopting priority boarding, which is beneficial not only to operational efficiency, but also has the potential of enhancing customer experience, thus suggesting that priority boarding should be a highly encouraged practice among airline companies. keywords: {Pregnancy;Atmospheric modeling;Customer satisfaction;Companies;Aircraft;Older adults},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9715473&isnumber=9715284

A. Hannech, H. Mcheick and M. Adda, "Context-based web service discovery model," 2012 International Conference on Information Technology and e-Services, Sousse, Tunisia, 2012, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/ICITeS.2012.6216655.Abstract: Web services offer a vast number of interoperable programs. The problem of web services is how to develop mechanisms to locate automatically the correct Web service in order to meet the user's requirements, that is appointed by the discovery of web services. Indeed, it is beyond the human's capability to manually analyse web services functionalities. This paper proposes an architectural model to assist the user by taking into account its constantly changing context. This model selects services based on the query semantics, which consist of preferences and context. These preferences may be digital, for example the price of a ticket when booking a flight or QoS desired. keywords: {Context;Ontologies;Semantics;Service oriented architecture;Semantic Web;Indexing;Semantic Web service;ontologies;indexation;context;QoS},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6216655&isnumber=6216590

F. Amani, F. Ardali and A. Kargarian, "Event-Driven Deep RL Dispatcher for Post-Storm Distribution System Restoration," 2026 IEEE Texas Power and Energy Conference (TPEC), College Station, TX, USA, 2026, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/TPEC67884.2026.11513160.Abstract: Natural hazards such as hurricanes and floods damage power grid equipment, forcing operators to replan restoration repeatedly as new information becomes available. This paper develops a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) dispatcher that serves as a real-time decision engine for crew-to-repair assignments. We model restoration as a sequential, information-revealing process and learn an actor-critic policy over compact features such as component status, travel/repair times, crew availability, and marginal restoration value. A feasibility mask blocks unsafe or inoperable actions, such as power flow limits, switching rules, and crew-time constraints, before they are applied. To provide realistic runtime inputs without relying on heavy solvers, we use lightweight surrogates for wind and flood intensities, fragility-based failure, spatial clustering of damage, access impairments, and progressive ticket arrivals. In simulated hurricane and flood events, the learned policy updates crew decisions in real time as new field reports arrive. Because the runtime logic is lightweight, it improves online performance (energy-not-supplied, critical-load restoration time, and travel distance) compared with mixed-integer programs and standard heuristics. The proposed approach is tested on the IEEE 13- and 123-bus feeders with mixed hurricane/flood scenarios. keywords: {Timing;Modeling;Floods;Maintenance engineering;Printing;Equations;Wind;Optimization;Dispatching;Hurricanes;Power distribution restoration;crew dispatch;reinforcement learning;outage management;resilience},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11513160&isnumber=11513028

P. C. Moore, W. R. Johnson and R. J. Detry, "Adapting Globus and Kerberos for a Secure ASCI Grid," SC '01: Proceedings of the 2001 ACM/IEEE Conference on Supercomputing, Denver, CO, USA, 2001, pp. 54-54, doi: 10.1145/582034.582055.Abstract: Porting a complex secure application from one security infrastructure to another is often difficult or impractical. Grid security associated with the Globus toolkit is supported by a Grid Security Infrastructure (GSI) based on a Public Key Infrastructure where users authenticate to the grid using X509 certificates. Kerberos security is based on a trusted third party, secret key infrastructure where users authenticate using encrypted tickets. However, both GSI and Kerberos provide a Generic Security Services Application Program Interface (GSSAPI) for source code portability. We describe the porting of our Globus system from GSI security to Kerberos V5 security, and the Kerberos modifications necessary to achieve that portability. Our case study provides details and insights that will be of value to developers and designers interested in GSSAPI portability. We conclude, based on our results, that designers of network security software should strive to accommodate the GSSAPI. keywords: {Authentication;National security;Public key;Cryptography;Data security;Government;US Department of Energy;Distributed computing;Computer networks;Power system security;ASCI;Globus;Kerberos;GSSAPI;grid;security},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1592830&isnumber=33526

R. Singh and A. Joshi, "Analytical Scheme of the Color Test Carried Out on a Mental Disorder Patient-Time basis to Assess the Specific Meaning of Color," 2023 IEEE International Conference on Integrated Circuits and Communication Systems (ICICACS), Raichur, India, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICICACS57338.2023.10099929.Abstract: Generally, after the removal of acute psychosis, the stage of social treatment and support begins, in which the patient's relatives play an important role. This condition is very important in the rehabilitation of patients, which helps to prevent premature development of the defect. It may include most of the different types of psychotherapy (art therapy, occupational therapy, cognitive training), various programs and movements. Cognitive training aims to teach the patient new information processing skills. The patient learns to adequately explain what is happening to him. Cognitive therapy models may focus on both the formation of judgments and the content of these judgments. During these exercises, work is carried out on the patient's attention and his thinking. The patient talks about his feelings and interpretations, while the therapist identifies these symptoms and determines where the distortion has occurred. For example, the patient asks to send some item (book, ticket) while he himself thinks about it. This gives him the false impression that people can read his mind. Eventually, a delusional idea of persecution develops. keywords: {Drugs;Training;Integrated circuits;Art;Hospitals;Communication systems;Mental disorders;information;manifestations;disease;mental disorder;symptoms;schizophrenia;psychosis},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10099929&isnumber=10099480

Sean D. Mack, "Measuring DevSecOps," in The DevSecOps Playbook: Deliver Continuous Security at Speed , Wiley, 2024, pp.169-193, doi: 10.1002/9781394189281.ch8.Abstract: Summary This chapter focuses on metrics that are squarely within the domain of DevSecOps. One way to lessen the risk of people manipulating metrics is to ensure that security engineers use multiple metrics and avoid over‐reliance on any one factor. If the security engineers are looking at mean time to resolve, they should also look at metrics like customer satisfaction and ticket reopen rates. Service level objectives are different than service level agreements, which are generally externally facing commitments to customers. The operational metrics are key metrics to look at daily, weekly, and monthly to determine if security engineers DevSecOps practice is delivering the results expected. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System provides a good method for determining the criticality of vulnerabilities. The chapter provides some key board‐level metrics to consider when developing the engineers' security metrics program. Capability models measure the competency within specified areas of a practice such as DevSecOps. keywords: {Measurement;Security;Accuracy;Reviews;Time measurement;Tracking;Publishing},

F. A. Mott and L. A. Jones, "The electrical and illuminating equipment of the Eastman Theatre and School of Music," in Journal of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, vol. 42, no. 6, pp. 569-582, June 1923, doi: 10.1109/JoAIEE.1923.6593534.
Abstract: The Eastman Theatre and School of Music was designed and given to the people of Rochester by Mr. George Eastman for the purpose of teaching and presenting music in its best form and under ideal conditions, using motion pictures as a part of the educational scheme. A great deal of preliminary work was done in planning the auditorium and the lighting to be used during the exhibition of motion pictures so as to eliminate all possibility of visual fatigue. Illumination and Brightness Measurements. From preliminary investigations on a small scale, it was found that fairly high illumination levels can be obtained in the motion picture theatre without any detrimental effect upon the quality of the projected picture. In planning the lighting system of this theatre, an attempt was made to obtain illuminations of fairly high values distributed so as not to cause loss of quality in the picture. Equipment. The electrical installation of a modern theatre, of the size and scope of the Eastman, together with a School of Music embraces a variety of equipment and apparatus. Alternating current is used for the lights and constant speed motors, and direct current for the variable speed motors. The chandelier is equipped with a system of indirect lights, decorative candles, direct lights, and lights for scintillating the crystals. The picture booth is equipped with two sources of direct current one source from the street main, and another from a motor generator set driven by alternating current. The outside illumination consists of a flood lighting system for the entire facade of the building, marquise lights and display and attraction signs. There are six separate telephone systems in this installation — the outside bell system, automatic inside system, a production phone system in the Theatre and another in Kilbourn Hall, the ushers and ticket office system and the dressing room system. Time clocks are installed throughout the institution and a program clock operates buzzers in all studios. There is an employees' and a watchman's time recorder and time stamp system for keeping account of the time spent in the piano and organ practice rooms. A set of chimes in the corridors notify the audience when the intermissions are over. A complete local fire alarm system is installed and also boxes on the Theatre and Kilbourn Hall stages in connection with the city system. Speed indicators at the stage directors stand, music directors stand and organ console indicate the speed of the film and telegraph indicators similar to a marine engine room telegraph provide means for signalling the projectionist. A magnetic douser or system of magnetically controlled shutters provides means of instantaneously changing from one picture machine to another as the end of the reel is reached. Finally, a radio broadcasting station is installed for distributing the musical productions throughout the country and thus fulfilling the aim of this institution which is to promote the education in and appreciation of good music.
keywords: {Lighting;Brightness;Motion pictures;Foot;Educational institutions;Visualization;Fixtures},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6593534&isnumber=6593533


L. Zhang and Y. Wu, "Towards Explainable and Educational Phishing Detection: A Zero-Shot LLM Approach," 2025 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (BigData), Macau, China, 2025, pp. 7913-7922, doi: 10.1109/BigData66926.2025.11402600.Abstract: Phishing attacks have reached record levels, with attackers increasingly employing sophisticated evasion techniques such as cloaking, fingerprinting, and CAPTCHAs to circumvent traditional detection systems. Most existing approaches analyze webpage source code, JavaScript, and HTTP headers-artifacts that users never see and that can be manipulated to evade automated scanners. Moreover, deep learning-based detectors function as black boxes, producing accurate predictions but failing to provide interpretable explanations that build user resilience or support security analyst workflows. This disconnect between detection mechanisms and real-world incident reporting creates significant operational challenges, as users naturally capture screenshots and URLs when encountering suspicious pages through help-desk tickets or browser reporting inter-faces. We present a zero-shot explainable phishing detection system that operates exclusively on webpage screenshots and URLs-precisely the evidence users capture in practice. Our approach leverages GPT-4 Vision, a large multimodal language model, to achieve brand recognition and phishing intent detection without requiring task-specific training data. Through carefully designed chain-of-thought prompting, the system decomposes detection into interpretable reasoning steps: identifying the impersonated brand from visual and textual cues, analyzing credential request mechanisms, and detecting social engineering tactics. This structured reasoning process generates natural language explanations as integral components of detection rather than post-hoc rationalizations, making the system inherently explainable. We evaluate our system on the CIRCL Phishing Dataset. Our zero-shot approach achieves 82.0 percent accuracy on brand recognition. Additionally, our system provides an explainable AI agent that transforms technical outputs into multi-level educational explanations tailored to end users, security ana-lysts, and training programs, with visual annotations highlighting suspicious elements. Our work demonstrates that zero-shot large language models can achieve state-of-the-art phishing detection while providing inherent explainability, immediate deployment capability, and adaptability to emerging threats through prompt engineering. By aligning with real-world incident response work-flows and transforming detection from reactive blacklisting into proactive user education, this approach addresses critical gaps in both accuracy and interpretability for practical cybersecurity defense. keywords: {Training;Visualization;Accuracy;Explainable AI;Phishing;Large language models;Natural languages;Transforms;Cognition;Prompt engineering;Phishing Website Detection;Cybersecurity;Large Language Model (LLM);Explainable AI (XAI);Human-Computer Interaction (HCI)},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11402600&isnumber=11400712

M. Inoue and E. Oki, "Efficient Approximation Algorithms for Server Allocation to Minimize Total Capacity under Server Failure," in IEEE Transactions on Computers, vol. 75, no. 1, pp. 335-349, Jan. 2026, doi: 10.1109/TC.2025.3627912.
Abstract: Real-time applications, such as ticket booking systems, video streaming systems, social networking services, and online games, are prevalent nowadays. Low latency between a user and a server is required in such applications. A distributed server approach is used instead of a single server one to achieve this. In such a situation, selecting which users connect to which servers significantly determines the system’s performance. There is a problem with the distributed server approach; each server may fail due to maintenance or breakdown. Single-server failure is more popular than multiple-server failure, so this paper focuses on single-server failure. In this paper, we assume that the capacity of each server is variable and minimize the total capacity of the servers. We also set the assumption that each user is allowed to connect exactly two servers. Under this assumption, we select each user’s main and backup servers. This paper proposes two approximation algorithms for a server allocation problem to minimize total capacity under server failure. We formulate the problem as an integer linear programming (ILP) problem. We show that the proposed algorithms have an approximation rate of $\frac{4}{3}$43. One of them is an improved version of the other one. The algorithms are based on a 2-approximation algorithm of a vertex cover problem, in which taking a maximal matching is the key idea. Numerical results show that the proposed algorithms run significantly faster than ILP. The performance of the proposed algorithms depends on the topology; still, in randomly generated general networks, it increases the total capacity by 2.03% or less than ILP on average.
keywords: {Servers;Delays;Resource management;Approximation algorithms;Switches;Runtime;Focusing;Fault tolerant systems;Fault tolerance;System performance;Server allocation;server failure;approximation algorithm;capacity},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11224627&isnumber=11296746


L. Heide, "From the Editor's Desk," in IEEE Annals of the History of Computing, vol. 36, no. 1, pp. 2-3, Jan.-Mar. 2014, doi: 10.1109/MAHC.2014.2.
Abstract: This issue features several articles that give different perspectives on "modern computing" and how that concept evolves with emerging and retiring technologies. Specifically, the issue includes a discussion of the stored-program concept by Thomas Haigh, Mark Priestley, and Crispin Rope; a history of academic computer science degrees in Spain and the origins of Barcelona's School of Informatics by Jordi Fornes and Nestor Herran; a history of the fourth generation language (4GL) Nomad by Nicholas Rawlings; a rediscovery of the messaging capabilities in the SDC time-sharing system by David Hemmendinger; and a look at early commercial electronic distribution of software in the late 1970s by Zbigniew Stachniak.
keywords: {history of computing;TWA Teleregister ticket terminal;stored program concept;Barcelona's School of Informatics;Nomad;4GL;SDC;time-sharing system;EDS;software distribution},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6774348&isnumber=6774319


"Institute activities : Largest technical program set for winter meeting, January 27–31," in Electrical Engineering, vol. 66, no. 1, pp. 75-78, Jan. 1947, doi: 10.1109/EE.1947.6443339.
Abstract: The winter meeting to be held in New York, N. Y., January 27–31, 1947, will feature a broad program of professional and social activities. The technical program, the largest in the history of the Institute, is a manifestation of the effort of the AIEE to cover the technical field completely. This is evidenced further by the holding of a special conference on the technical activities. The program is comprised of 26 technical sessions, presenting about 100 papers, and 16 technical conferences. As an innovation, the Edison, John Fritz, and Hoover Medals will be presented in general sessions in the afternoons, co-ordinated with technical sessions appropriate to the fields of achievements of the medalists. A group of inspection trips also has been arranged closely allied with the subject matter of several sessions. On the social side there will be a smoker, theater tickets for out-of-town members, and special entertainment for the women. Meeting headquarters will be in the Engineering Societies' Building.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6443339&isnumber=6443313


"Institute activities: Largest winter general meeting program sets record for greatest attendance," in Electrical Engineering, vol. 73, no. 3, pp. 265-265, March 1954, doi: 10.1109/EE.1954.6439317.
Abstract: During the week of January 18–22, 1954, the largest Winter General Meeting program in the history of the Institute took place with headquarters in the Hotel Statler. Altogether 183 Transactions papers and 230 conference papers were presented in 95 technical sessions. Over 100 committee meetings were also held during the week. Overflow sessions were in the Hotel McAlpin. The smoker was held at the Hotel Commodore on Tuesday evening and the dinner-dance in the Ballroom of the Hotel Statler on Thursday evening. A number of inspection trips to places of interest in the city and vicinity were arranged during the days and theatre tickets to popular shows were made available to out-of-town members. The total registered attendance was 4,958, which represents a 6 per cent increase in the record attendance of 4,676 for the previous year. The attendance at the Winter General Meetings over the past five years is shown in Table I together with the membership growth and the number of papers presented each year. Excellent arrangements were made by the Winter General Meeting Committee under the chairmanship of C. T. Hatcher.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6439317&isnumber=6439279


"Student programs," 2013 American Control Conference, Washington, DC, USA, 2013, pp. 1-1, doi: 10.1109/ACC.2013.6579796.Abstract: The annual ACCs support students in a variety of ways. Students are offered lower registration rates (while still being given a conference banquet ticket) and are also offered lower hotel room rates. The ACC also coordinates a conference-wide Student Best Paper Award and provides Student Travel Grants.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6579796&isnumber=6579790

"IEEE AP-S Symposium Student Travel Grant," in IEEE Antennas and Propagation Magazine, vol. 63, no. 3, pp. 125-125, June 2021, doi: 10.1109/MAP.2021.3069180.
Abstract: This program is established and sponsored by the IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society and administered by its Membership and Benefits Committee. It is open to all 1st/2nd year Ph.D. students from any country of residence. The program provides partial financial support for international students planning to travel and attend the IEEE AP-S/URSI International Symposium to be held in December 2021, in Singapore. This new program will provide awards (each with the amount of 1000 USD) for 20 international students (students permanently residing in Singapore are not eligible). The awards should be used to partially pay for the inperson conference attendance expenses (tickets, hotel accommodation, transportation, registration fee, etc.). The awarded students will receive the amount once they arrive to the conference registration desk at the conference venue.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9445776&isnumber=9445719


"Institute activities: Early hotel reservations urged for Winter meeting," in Electrical Engineering, vol. 68, no. 11, pp. 1000-1000, Nov. 1949, doi: 10.1109/EE.1949.6443236.
Abstract: As announced in the list of future AIEE meetings in Electrical Engineering, the 1950 AIEE Winter General Meeting will be held in New York, N. Y., during the week of January 30 through February 3, 1950. Meeting headquarters will be at the Hotel Statler with all activities centered at that hotel, except for the smoker. Most of the technical committees are planning to sponsor sessions and it is expected that the technical program will consist of at least 60 technical sessions and conferences. An interesting series of inspection trips is being planned to supplement the formal technical program. Plans are also under way for both a smoker and a dinner-dance. An extensive program of entertainment for the ladies attending the meeting is being arranged. For the accommodation particularly of the members coming from out of town, blocks of theater tickets for popular New York shows will be made available for sale in advance of the meeting date.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6443236&isnumber=6443197


Y. S. Elgamal, "A New Dimension to University Education The Metaversity," 2022 32nd International Conference on Computer Theory and Applications (ICCTA), Alexandria, Egypt, 2022, pp. 1-2, doi: 10.1109/ICCTA58027.2022.10206345.Abstract: For a generation that has grown up with short-lived social media content. The key to learning is engagement. The metaverse is a short shared virtual environment that people access via internet, creating the sense of virtual presence.Benefits that metaverse offer to colleges include: making educational resources affordable, enhancing student performance, making virtual interactions more like real ones, enabling experimentation with hard-to-create phenomena, increasing accessibility for remote students, and attracting young demographic.This fall, 10 American universities got a free ticket for entry, as part of its $10M Meta Immersive Learning Project. Other universities worldwide have already started their metaversity programs in Hong Kong, Japan, France, Qatar, Brazil, South Korea, China, and Nigeria. Metaversity is also making the dawn of a new eduoconomy.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10206345&isnumber=10206068

"Conference News," in IEEE Industry Applications Magazine, vol. 7, no. 4, pp. 66-69, July-Aug. 2001, doi: 10.1109/MIA.2001.10970653.
Abstract: The 36th Annual Meeting of the IEEE Industry Applications Society will be held 30 September - 4 October 2001 at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Chicago, Illinois. Don't forget that an advance program will not be printed and mailed; conference information is only available on the conference website: www.ieee.org/ias2001. You can register for the conference online through the website. Electronic versions of the hotel and conference registration forms may be found on the website as well. The deadline for advance registration is 24 August 2001. Advance registration for IEEE members is $475 and includes a conference proceedings on CD-ROM, conference bag, tickets to two receptions, the Awards Luncheon, and the President's Banquet. The nonmember advance registration fee is $675. Save $200 by joining the IEEE and the IAS at the meeting! Life member registration is $75 and includes two receptions, a conference bag, and a conference proceedings on CD-ROM. Check the conference registration website for one-day and student registration fees.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10970653&isnumber=20137


"Institute activities: Winter meeting papers presented in four main groupings," in Electrical Engineering, vol. 65, no. 12, pp. 575-576, Dec. 1946, doi: 10.1109/EE.1946.6439971.
Abstract: An all-inclusive professional program and diversified social activities are promised for the AIEE winter meeting, January 27–31, 1947, in New York, N. Y. On the social side, as usual, a smoker and dinner dance will be held. Theater tickets will be available for out-of-town members, and special entertainment for women will be provided. Inspection trips will be arranged to places of interest and near-by industries. On the professional side technical sessions and conferences, segregated in four broad groups — industry, power, communication and science, and general applications — will cover practically the entire field of electrical engineering. The general session will be the common meeting ground of all four groups. During the meeting, presentation of the Edison, John Fritz, and Hoover Medals will be made. Details of the awards will be announced later. Meeting headquarters will be in the Engineering Societies' Building.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6439971&isnumber=6439955


"Foreword," 2013 5th International Workshop on Near Field Communication (NFC), Zurich, Switzerland, 2013, pp. iii-iii, doi: 10.1109/NFC.2013.6482435.Abstract: The goal of the workshop is to bring together experts on RF and smartcards technology, security, NFC-related applications, services and business processes. This year we received 22 research paper submissions around these topics. A rigorous review process was followed with each paper receiving three reviews from international experts of the program committee. Based upon this process, thirteen full papers were selected to appear in these proceedings and to be presented at the workshop. This results in an acceptance rate of 59% for 2013. The papers cover a range of topics related to NFC payment and ticketing, security, retail applications, and NFC communication. We hope that this selection of papers will form the basis for lively discussions at the workshop.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6482435&isnumber=6482434

"A. I. E. E. student activities: New York section student convention April 8," in Journal of the A.I.E.E., vol. 46, no. 4, pp. 398-398, April 1927, doi: 10.1109/JAIEE.1927.6536981.
Abstract: The New York Section of the Institute will hold its second annual Student Convention on Friday, April 8, 1927. The meeting will cover an entire day and evening. The morning will be devoted to inspection trips by the students only. The afternoon session, in Room 1, Fifth Floor, Engineering Building, 33 West 39th Street, New York City will be occupied by the presentation of student papers in competition for the prize of $25.00 in gold offered by the New York Section. There are eight colleges in the territory of the Section giving courses in electrical engineering, and these will be entered in the competition. Following the afternoon session, a dinner will be held at the Fraternity Club, but because of limited accommodations, only those obtaining tickets in advance will be admitted. The charge will be $1.50 per cover. The morning and afternoon programs have been arranged entirely by committees of students and will be carried out solely under their direction.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6536981&isnumber=6536933


"Institute activities: Largest Winter general meeting ever held draws record attendance in New York," in Electrical Engineering, vol. 72, no. 3, pp. 257-261, March 1953, doi: 10.1109/EE.1953.6438560.
Abstract: A total of 88 sessions during which 168 papers and 232 conference papers were presented comprised the technical program of the AIEE Winter General Meeting held in New York, N. Y., January 19–23, 1953. Meeting headquarters was in the Hotel Statler and the overflow of sessions beyond the capacity of the Statler were held in the Engineering Societies Building. The smoker was held at the Hotel Commodore on Tuesday evening, and the dinner-dance in the ballroom of the Hotel Statler on Thursday evening. Inspection trips to places of interest in the city and the vicinity were arranged during the days and theater tickets to the popular shows were made available to out-of-town members during the week of the meeting. The total registered attendance was 4,676 members and guests. This represents a 19.2-per-cent increase over the record attendance of 3,925 for the previous year.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6438560&isnumber=6438525


M. Troyer, M. Cox, J. Cox and A. J. Cox, "Books [Two books reviewed]," in Computing in Science & Engineering, vol. 15, no. 6, pp. 8-11, Nov.-Dec. 2013, doi: 10.1109/MCSE.2013.117.
Abstract: In the first book review, Matthias Troyer provides an overview and review of Lance Fortnow's book, The Golden Ticket: P, NP, and the Search for the Impossible. In the second book review, Maggie Cox, Jordan Cox, and Anne J. Cox provide an overview and review of two books that help kids learn computer programming: Super Scratch Programming Adventure and Python for Kids.
keywords: {Book reviews;Scientific computing;Programming;Book reviews;Scientific computing;Programming;Computational Literacy for Kids: Super Scratch Programming Adventure and Python for Kids;P versus NP problem;Scratch;Python;computer programming;computational literacy;scientific computing;A Delightful Popular Book on the P versus NP Problem},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6731396&isnumber=6731366


J. Sottile, "Myron Zucker Awards: Two Golden Opportunities [Education Department News]," in IEEE Industry Applications Magazine, vol. 20, no. 2, pp. 82-82, March-April 2014, doi: 10.1109/MIAS.2013.2293068.
Abstract: The Myron Zucker Travel Program provides financial support to qualified students to attend the IEEE Industry Applications Society (IAS) Annual Meeting. The program is intended to provide financial assistance to students who would not otherwise be able to attend the Annual Meeting. Preference is given to undergraduate or graduate students who are not presenting a paper at the meeting. Each student elected receives a complimentary student registration for the Annual Meeting that includes the conference record and tickets to the welcome reception, the Myron Zucker Luncheon, and the President's Award Banquet. The students can also attend technical sessions and tutorials. Lodging at the conference hotel is also included for the duration of the Annual Meeting. In addition, students are reimbursed for up to US$600 of meeting-related travel expenses. The application for the Zucker Travel Program is available online. To retrieve it, click on the education tab at the IEEE IAS Web site. This year's application deadline is 1 May 2014.
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6734739&isnumber=6734703


