H. -S. Kim, I. E. Hajj, J. Stratton, S. Lumetta and W. -M. Hwu, "Locality-centric thread scheduling for bulk-synchronous programming models on CPU architectures," 2015 IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO), San Francisco, CA, USA, 2015, pp. 257-268, doi: 10.1109/CGO.2015.7054205.Abstract: With heterogeneous computing on the rise, executing programs efficiently on different devices from a single source code has become increasingly important. OpenCL, having a bulk-synchronous programming model, has been proposed as a framework for writing such performance-portable programs. Execution order of work-items in a program is unconstrained except at barrier synchronization events, giving some freedom to an implementation when scheduling work-items between synchronization points. Many OpenCL (and CUDA) compilers have been designed for targeting multicore CPU architectures. However, scheduling work-items in prior work has been done with primary focus on correctness and vectorization. To the best of our knowledge, no existing implementations consider the impact of work-item scheduling on data locality. We propose an OpenCL compiler that performs data-locality-centric work-item scheduling. By analyzing the memory addresses accessed in loops within a kernel, our technique can make better decisions on how to schedule work-items to construct better memory access patterns, thereby improving performance. Our approach achieves geomean speedups of 3.32× over AMD's and 1.71 × over Intel's implementations on Parboil and Rodinia benchmarks. keywords: {Schedules;Scheduling;Kernel;Synchronization;Benchmark testing;Indexes;Computer architecture},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7054205&isnumber=7054173

W. Bi, L. Gan, T. Mu and T. Li, "An Innovation of Creating Condition Based Work Items in Continuous Airworthiness Maintenance Program," 2023 Global Reliability and Prognostics and Health Management Conference (PHM-Hangzhou), Hangzhou, China, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/PHM-Hangzhou58797.2023.10482767.Abstract: Condition based maintenance (CBM) has been used in airline and MRO for many years, but it is very hard to get approval of replacing preventive work items with CBM items from CAAC, because data integrity cannot satisfy airworthiness authority requirements. Ameco started to research technology and establish management system including airplane data acquirement software, airplane system model, algorithm, maintenance credit, CBM management process since 2020, and had breakthroughs of obtainment of CAAC airworthiness approval in April 2022. Implementation of CBM work item of A320 air conditioner heat exchanger remove and clean was very successful in 2022 and 2023, we plan to extend CBM work items to other type of airplane in the future. keywords: {Heating systems;Air conditioning;Airplanes;Technological innovation;Atmospheric modeling;Software algorithms;Software;CBM;CAMP;air conditioning;data integrity},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10482767&isnumber=10482375

J. U. Oswal, H. T. Kanakia and D. Suktel, "Transforming Software Requirements into User Stories with GPT-3.5 -: An AI-Powered Approach," 2024 2nd International Conference on Intelligent Data Communication Technologies and Internet of Things (IDCIoT), Bengaluru, India, 2024, pp. 913-920, doi: 10.1109/IDCIoT59759.2024.10467750.Abstract: In today's dynamic software development landscape, Agile methodologies have established themselves as essential for organizations striving to swiftly adapt to evolving customer needs and market demands. A cornerstone of the Agile framework is the concept of User Stories, a concise format for expressing software requirements from an end-user perspective. The manual generation of User Stories from unstructured requirement texts proves to be a labor-intensive endeavor, riddled with challenges related to maintaining consistency and adhering to specific organizational practices. This research underscores the profound importance of Agile Methodology in contemporary software development and underscores the critical role that User Stories play within this framework. To address the inherent inefficiencies associated with manual User Story creation, this paper introduces a novel and innovative AI-powered approach that uses the advanced capabilities of the GPT-3.5 language model. This approach facilitates a seamless and efficient transformation of software requirement text into standardized User Stories by studying various prompting techniques. In this research paper the practical implementation of our approach have been illustrated, we have developed an application harnessing the natural language processing capabilities of GPT-3.5 where in the user can enter or upload the requirement text and it will be transformed into user stories. keywords: {Standards organizations;Education;Organizations;Manuals;Transformers;Software;Data models;Agile;User Story;Generative Pre-Trained Transformers;Data Mining;Large Language Model;Natural Language Processing;Prompt Engineering;Few Shot Prompting;Software Requirements},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10467750&isnumber=10467214

N. Maiden, "Exactly How Are Requirements Written?," in IEEE Software, vol. 29, no. 1, pp. 26-27, Jan.-Feb. 2012, doi: 10.1109/MS.2012.6.
Abstract: Few studies of actual requirements practices exist compared to the number of studies on how people program. Thus, we know relatively little about how people actually do requirements work. By considering a simple user story, we can begin to inform our understanding of the cognitive processes that good requirements work requires.
keywords: {Software design;Programming;Computer languages;Best practices;Cognitive science;requirements;software engineering;cognitive process;analysis;analyst},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6111364&isnumber=6111353


E. Friess, "Scrum Language Use in a Software Engineering Firm: An Exploratory Study," in IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication, vol. 62, no. 2, pp. 130-147, June 2019, doi: 10.1109/TPC.2019.2911461.
Abstract: Background: Although agile and Scrum have been important frameworks in software engineering for over a decade, little research has explored how teams use Scrum language within their sprints. Literature review: Most explorations of Scrum communication have been collected through self-reported means. These studies are inherently unable to explore how Scrum teams use Scrum-centric language in their meetings in ways that adhere or run counter to standard Scrum practice. Research questions: 1. In what ways is Scrum reflected in the language used by team members in various sprint meetings? 2. What associations exist between the job title of team members and their use of Scrum language? 3. What does a discourse analysis reveal about the ways in which this team uses language to value and discount Scrum? Research methodology: For three sprints over 10 weeks, I recorded meetings of 27 Scrum team members. I transcribed these meetings, developed a codebook for assigning Scrum language categories, conducted an interrater reliability agreement on the data, completed a correspondence analysis on how Scrum language associates with meeting types and job titles, and conducted a discourse analysis to determine in what ways these teams value and discount Scrum. Results/discussion: Scrum language was found in all recorded meetings across all three sprints, with much language found in the planning meetings. Few associations existed between Scrum language and job title, suggesting that Scrum at this engineering firm is an egalitarian process. In addition, the discourse analysis revealed that this engineering firm valued User Story and Sprint Execution language while discounting Capacity and Story Pointing language. Conclusions: Although this group broadly adheres to Scrum practices about 68% of the time, this study finds that several current standard components of Scrum are routinely discounted. This exploratory study suggests that more research into the in-situ use of Scrum language in engineering workplaces is necessary to better inform engineering professionals about the communicative expectations of Scrum and to better enable engineering communication educators to prepare future engineers for Scrum realities.
keywords: {Employment;Scrum (Software development);Interviews;Planning;Teamwork;Software engineering;Project management;Agile;discourse analysis;project management;Scrum},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8713495&isnumber=8718046


V. T. Heikkilä, D. Damian, C. Lassenius and M. Paasivaara, "A Mapping Study on Requirements Engineering in Agile Software Development," 2015 41st Euromicro Conference on Software Engineering and Advanced Applications, Madeira, Portugal, 2015, pp. 199-207, doi: 10.1109/SEAA.2015.70.Abstract: Agile software development (ASD) methods have gained popularity in the industry and been the subject of an increasing amount of academic research. Although requirements engineering (RE) in ASD has been studied, the overall understanding of RE in ASD as a phenomenon is still weak. We conducted a mapping study of RE in ASD to review the scientific literature. 28 articles on the topic were identified and analyzed. The results indicate that the definition of agile RE is vague. The proposed benefits from agile RE included lower process overheads, a better requirements understanding, a reduced tendency to over allocate development resources, responsiveness to change, rapid delivery of value, and improved customer relationships. The problematic areas of agile RE were the use of customer representatives, the user story requirements format, the prioritization of requirements, growing technical debt, tacit requirements knowledge, and imprecise effort estimation. We also report proposed solutions to the identified problems. keywords: {Context;Requirements engineering;Usability;Bibliographies;Agile software development;Documentation;requirements engineering;agile development;scrum;mapping study},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7302452&isnumber=7302413

F. E. Castillo-Barrera, M. Amador-García, H. G. Pérez-González, F. E. Martínez-Pérez and F. J. Torres-Reyes, "Adapting Bloom's Taxonomy for an Agile Classification of the Complexity of the User Stories in SCRUM," 2018 6th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), San Luis Potosi, Mexico, 2018, pp. 139-145, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT.2018.8645899.Abstract: The agile development of Software in companies is increasing because it allows them to reduce costs when producing products and providing services. To do that, agile methodologies are required in which there is a way to identify, from the beginning of the project, the Software requirements and its complexity to make an estimate of the time required for the development of the project. SCRUM, considered a framework, is among the agile methodologies most adopted by companies. The concept of Software requirement translated into SCRUM as User Stories (US). A crucial part for the success of the project is to estimate in each iteration the complexity and time that US requires to its realization. Obtaining this information from each user story allows the development team to estimate the total time that will be required to finish the project. In practice and since human resources need to be considered to meet the requirements of knowledge, experience and skills demanded by the user story for its achievement, this activity is still time consuming and generates poor estimates. In this work, we propose the use of a new version adapted from the Blooms taxonomy, coupled to the life cycle of the Software Development, seeking agilely to classify the complexity of US and to identify the stage in the life cycle of the Software Development to which it corresponds. keywords: {Taxonomy;Software;Complexity theory;Software engineering;Proposals;Scrum (Software development);Companies;__Agile Software Development;User Stories;Bloom Taxonomy;Agile Methodologies;SCRUM},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8645899&isnumber=8645852

R. Younisse and M. Azzeh, "Application of Natural Language Processing Techniques in Agile Software Project Management: A Survey," 2023 14th International Conference on Information and Communication Systems (ICICS), Irbid, Jordan, 2023, pp. 01-06, doi: 10.1109/ICICS60529.2023.10330468.Abstract: Software effort estimation has long been an important task for better software management. Most of the constructed effort estimation models were based on data collected from software projects that had been developed using traditional software development processes. The structure of this data is usually in the form of tabulated data. Recently, the Agile management framework invaded software production lines as an effective and productive management method. It helps software development teams to complete their tasks in a highly effective way. One of the main components of this success is predicting accurate story points from textual user stories. User stories and story points have become an essential component over which the project planning process is built. Machine learning, artificial intelligence, and deep learning are used to enhance the process of using user story context to put a close estimate of the required resources to finish the project. Using these models has become popular and remarkable in the field of effort estimation. The textual nature of user stories directed the research into the natural language processing path. Natural language processing models can be used to understand textual user story context in order to produce effort estimates. This study reviews the usage of natural language processing methodology in the context of Agile project effort estimation based on the contextual content of user stories. keywords: {Surveys;Deep learning;Estimation;Project management;Production;Feature extraction;Software;Effort Estimation;Agile Software Development;Story Points;Natural Language Processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10330468&isnumber=10330433

P. Kamthan and N. Shahmir, "Modeling Negative User Stories is Risky Business," 2016 IEEE 17th International Symposium on High Assurance Systems Engineering (HASE), Orlando, FL, USA, 2016, pp. 236-237, doi: 10.1109/HASE.2016.34.Abstract: It is not always the case that a software system is used in the manner it is envisioned originally by software engineers. In this paper, in the context of an agile project, negative interactions are addressed by equipping the 'conventional' user story engineering process with conceptual models for negative user story, negative role, and negative uses. keywords: {Security;Requirements engineering;Software systems;Credit cards;Modeling;Risk management;agile methodologies;conceptual modeling;requirements engineering;risk management;security engineering;software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7423157&isnumber=7423114

S. Jin, Z. Bei, B. Chen and Y. Xia, "Breaking the Cycle of Recurring Failures: Generative AI and Root Cause Analysis in Legacy Banking Systems," 2025 IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Cloud Intelligence & AIOps (AIOps), Ottawa, ON, Canada, 2025, pp. 15-19, doi: 10.1109/AIOps66738.2025.00010.Abstract: The banking legacy systems and fragmented ownership often lead to superficial incident resolutions without addressing root causes, resulting in recurring failures. To solve this, we use Generative AI (GenAI) agents combined with the “Five Whys” technique. Our approach draws knowledge from problem descriptions, change request data, and historical incident records. This method uncovered that 70% of the issues previously blamed on management or vendors in a financial company were due to internal code problems. In a case study, we analyzed 5,000 projects and identified over 400 files with the same root cause. Automating root cause analysis moves the process from reactive to proactive, effectively resolving code-level issues. keywords: {Root cause analysis;Generative AI;Systems architecture;Companies;Banking;Aging;Time measurement;Stakeholders;Reliability;Software development management;Generative AI;legacy systems;root cause analysis;fragmented ownership;software development lifecycle},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11029319&isnumber=11029315

T. J. Gandomani, H. Faraji and M. Radnejad, "Planning Poker in cost estimation in Agile methods: Averaging Vs. Consensus," 2019 5th Conference on Knowledge Based Engineering and Innovation (KBEI), Tehran, Iran, 2019, pp. 066-071, doi: 10.1109/KBEI.2019.8734960.Abstract: Software cost estimation has been always a serious concern among the software experts. Although, a few estimation models and techniques have been provided in disciplined based software methodologies, Agile methodologies most often use Planning Poker technique for software cost estimation. This technique promotes coming to consensus when suggesting size of each user requirement (known as User Story). However, most often software experts ask whether it is necessary to reach to a consensus or not. They also, offer considering the average of the suggested sizes (cost) of User Stories instead of focusing on consensus on them. The main aim of this paper is to present the results of a case study research which has been carried out to compare the accuracy of both disciplines. The results show less accuracy when team get an average size of the User Stories compared to coming to consensus about the size of User Stories. keywords: {Estimation;Software;Planning;Companies;Scrum (Software development);Agile software development;Agile methods;Agile cost estimation;Planning Poker;User Stories;Story Points},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8734960&isnumber=8734902

M. Durán, R. Juárez-Ramírez, S. Jiménez and C. Tona, "Taxonomy for Complexity Estimation in Agile Methodologies: A Systematic Literature Review," 2019 7th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), Mexico City, Mexico, 2019, pp. 87-96, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT.2019.00022.Abstract: Currently, software development teams use different methods to estimate their projects, in Scrum, there are different methods to estimate the value and complexity of a user story. However, these methods are not accurate and most of them depend on many attributes that sometimes are not contemplated or are unknown by the development team. Although Planning Poker has many benefits, it has been found that this method is efficient mostly for experience teams, since the estimation will always depend on the observation of an expert and his experience. On the other hand, without a standard set of attributes for describing complexity, subjectivity problems remain when estimating user stories. This study presents a systematic literature review in which identifies the attributes that influence the complexity estimation in user stories. keywords: {Technological innovation;Taxonomy;Estimation;Complexity theory;Planning;Scrum (Software development);Standards;Systematic literature review;Software engineering;Software development management;User Story;estimation;complexity;Scrum},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9105374&isnumber=9105348

N. Nurmuliani, D. Zowghi and S. Powell, "Analysis of requirements volatility during software development life cycle," 2004 Australian Software Engineering Conference. Proceedings., Melbourne, VIC, Australia, 2004, pp. 28-37, doi: 10.1109/ASWEC.2004.1290455.Abstract: Investigating the factors that drive requirements change is an important prerequisite for understanding the nature of requirements volatility. This increased understanding will improve the process of requirements change management. We mainly focus on change analysis to identify and characterize the causes of requirements volatility. We apply a causal analysis method on change request data to develop a taxonomy of change. This taxonomy allows us to identify and trace the problems, reasons and sources of changes. Adopting an industrial case study approach, our findings reveal that the main causes of requirements volatility were changes in customer needs (or market demands), developers' increased understanding of the products, and changes in the organization policy. During the development process, we also examined the extent of requirements volatility and discovered that the rate of volatility was high at the time of requirements specification completion and while functional specification reviews were conducted. keywords: {Programming;Taxonomy;Software development management;Australia;Software engineering;Information technology;Software systems;Government;Uncertainty;Software maintenance},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1290455&isnumber=28748

H. R. Herdika and E. K. Budiardjo, "Variability and Commonality Requirement Specification on Agile Software Development: Scrum, XP, Lean, and Kanban," 2020 3rd International Conference on Computer and Informatics Engineering (IC2IE), Yogyakarta, Indonesia, 2020, pp. 323-329, doi: 10.1109/IC2IE50715.2020.9274564.Abstract: The user story widely studied insufficiently describes the software requirements. Many studies discuss the challenges of requirements specifications and proposed solutions. However, there are many agile methods and each method embraces different practices. Therefore, the solution has to follow each method's ceremonies. Only a few studies discuss conducted practices in requirements specification development with the agile method and there are no studies that discuss practices comparisons among these methods. In this paper, we performed a systematic literature review to gather the available studies in procuring a current insight into the requirements engineering practices incorporate into the agile method. This study aims to map the variability and commonality practices among agile methods. The various and standard agile RE practices show crucial practices in the requirements specification development process. Moreover, it gives information on practices from other methods that increase the success of requirements specification development. From the systematic literature review, we found a total of 12 studies relevant to the study. There are eight variability and commonality practices between Scrum, XP, and Lean methods. keywords: {Software;Stakeholders;Scrum (Software development);Requirements engineering;Planning;Systematics;Programming;agile;practices;requirement engineering;requirement specification;requirement development;scrum;xp;lean},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9274564&isnumber=9274561

Christopher Lee, The Art of Crafting User Stories: Unleash creativity and collaboration to deliver high-value products with a delightful user experience , Packt Publishing, 2023.Abstract: Proven techniques, best practices, and tips for writing effective user stories, leveraging user story mapping, and expert interviews to deliver high value to users Purchase of the print or Kindle book includes a free PDF eBookKey FeaturesLearn how to write and implement effective user stories to improve product developmentDiscover techniques to gather requirements, prioritize, and refine user storiesHandle stakeholder expectations, communicate user stories, and incorporate user feedbackBook DescriptionThe Art of Crafting User Stories is a must-read for product managers, UX professionals, and product developers dedicated to creating meaningful digital experiences. This book provides a comprehensive, step-by-step approach to empower you to master the techniques for creating user stories that drive effective product development. This book takes you on a journey from identifying and capturing user needs, goals, and perspectives through user stories, to crafting impactful stories for design choices and organizing tasks efficiently. You’ll learn how to define the problem area, recognize user personas, and develop user scenarios with the aid of real-world examples, practical tips, and exercises designed to help you develop your skills in crafting user-centered experiences. Moreover, you’ll gain a thorough understanding of user stories, their role in Agile development, and how to use them to plan and manage products effectively. By the end of this book, you’ll be able to improve the quality and efficiency of your own products by applying the hands-on practical skills to create compelling digital experiences that resonate with users and stay relevant in the market.What you will learnLeverage user personas in product development for prioritizing features and guiding design decisionsCommunicate with stakeholders to gather accurate information for writing user storiesAvoid common mistakes by implementing best practices for user story developmentEstimate the time and resources required for each user story and incorporate estimates into the product planApply product frameworks and techniques for user story prioritization and requirement elicitationBenefit from the experiences, insights, and practices of experts in the field of user story mappingWho this book is forIf you're interested in learning about user stories, as a product management method in Agile development, this book is for you. It's suitable for anyone involved in software development, including product managers, product owners, Agile coaches, designers, product analysts, and developers. Although prior experience with Agile development is not expected, a basic understanding of software development will be beneficial.

N. Riquet, X. Devroey and B. Vanderose, "Debt Stories: Capturing Social and Technical Debt in the Industry," 2024 IEEE/ACM International Conference on Technical Debt (TechDebt), Lisbon, Portugal, 2024, pp. 40-44.Abstract: In today’s organizations, software is mission-critical. However, the legacy of past decisions can make tasks related to artifacts increasingly inefficient or risky, creating debt. While most researchers and practitioners mainly focus on technical debt, some have investigated its social dimensions, known as social debt. We argue that organizations developing software need to tackle debt holistically, as it is intrinsically a socio-technical issue. In this short paper, we rely on a definition of socio-technical debt based on the existing literature to define Debt Stories: a tool based on the User Story format, that can help capture debt elements directly from the stake-holders involved in software development. A debt story includes information about the role of the stakeholder in the development process, the social or technical context, and the impact of the debt element on the different tasks performed by the stakeholder. We provide a first empirical evaluation of the usage of Debt Stories in an industrial context, demonstrating the relevance of Debt Stories to express and communicate socio-technical debt.CCS CONCEPTS• Software and its engineering → Agile software development, Software maintenance tools, • Social and professional topics →Software maintenance keywords: {Industries;Software maintenance;DevOps;Mission critical systems;Organizations;Production;Maintenance;socio-technical debt;debt stories;empirical software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10556185&isnumber=10555918

J. J. Nehme and S. C. Srivastava, "Shaping of Innovative is Projects through Change Requests: Scoping Factors and Project Outcomes," 2016 49th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences (HICSS), Koloa, HI, USA, 2016, pp. 4952-4960, doi: 10.1109/HICSS.2016.614.Abstract: Generally project performance is assessed based on the contracted scope and objectives. But for an innovative IT project, it is tough to estimate the exact project performance. Though prior research has studied IT project failures/success, there are relatively few studies that have examined the evolution of project scope during its implementation, which is salient in the case of innovative information systems projects. The current research argues that changes to the project scope occur all through the implementation lifecycle and the project definition is shaped by multiple factors - exogenous and endogenous to the project. Through a detailed analysis of over 350 IT project change requests issued in the context of two technological programs implemented by Canadian financial institutions, we trace the project shaping process and assess the impact of the triggering factors on the initial project definition. The study has important implications for revisiting the criteria for assessing project success/failure. keywords: {Stakeholders;Information systems;Contracts;Estimation;Organizations;Cultural differences;Project Management;Change Request;Outsourcing;Offshoring;Contract;Innovation;Governance},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7427801&isnumber=7427173

J. Greppel and V. Vranic, "An Opportunistic Approach to Retaining Use Cases in Object-Oriented Source Code," 2015 4th Eastern European Regional Conference on the Engineering of Computer Based Systems, Brno, Czech Republic, 2015, pp. 17-24, doi: 10.1109/ECBS-EERC.2015.12.Abstract: Use cases are widely used to express what software systems are supposed to provide in terms of an interaction between the users and the system. Without a particular effort to preserve them, use cases dissolve in source code turning the task of locating their implementation into a major problem of change request realization. While aspect-oriented programming offers one solution to retaining use cases, there are also opportunities in the mainstream object-oriented programming languages that have no reliable support for aspect-oriented programming. This paper brings an approach to retaining use cases in source code by object-oriented means that employs three techniques: traits, the Event pattern (extracted from the Zend's framework EventManager component), and the Front Controller pattern. By these techniques, all possible kinds of use cases with the exception of specialization use cases are addressed: peer use cases, extension use cases, and inclusion use cases. Use cases are not fully modularized as in aspect-oriented software development with use cases, but the approach ensures their parts can be easily traced. The approach has been evaluated with respect to traceability on an online shop application demonstrating how a use case can be added, removed, or altered. keywords: {Registers;Software;Computer aided software engineering;Libraries;Object oriented programming;Computer languages;use case;design pattern;Front Controller;DCI;aspect-oriented programming},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7275221&isnumber=7275108

S. C. Allala, J. P. Sotomayor, D. Santiago, T. M. King and P. J. Clarke, "Towards Transforming User Requirements to Test Cases Using MDE and NLP," 2019 IEEE 43rd Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference (COMPSAC), Milwaukee, WI, USA, 2019, pp. 350-355, doi: 10.1109/COMPSAC.2019.10231.Abstract: The behavior, attributes and properties of a software system is represented in a set of requirements that are written in structured natural language and are usually ambiguous. In large development projects, different modeling techniques are used to create and manage these requirements which aid in the analysis of the problem domain. Requirements are later used in the development process to create test cases, which is still mainly a manual process. To automate this process, we plan to use several of the techniques used in model-driven software development and Natural Language Processing(NLP). The approach under consideration is to use a model-to-model transformation to convert requirements into test cases with the support of Stanford CoreNLP techniques. Key to this transformation process is the use of meta-modeling for requirements and test cases. In this paper we focus on creating a comprehensive meta-model for requirements that can represent both use cases and user stories and performing preliminary analysis of the requirements using NLP. In later work we will develop a set of transformation rules to convert requirements into partial test cases. To show the feasibility of our approach we develop a prototype that can accept a cross-section of requirements written as both use cases and user stories. keywords: {Software;Unified modeling language;Testing;Computer aided software engineering;Engines;Natural language processing;Meta-model;Model-driven technologies;Use case;User story},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8754145&isnumber=8753906

K. Waitchasarn, A. Thongtak and T. Suwannasart, "Generating Robot Framework Test Scripts from User Stories and Scenarios for Web Application Testing," 2023 8th International Conference on Computer and Communication Systems (ICCCS), Guangzhou, China, 2023, pp. 795-801, doi: 10.1109/ICCCS57501.2023.10151185.Abstract: The Scrum Framework combined with Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) has gained popularity as an agile development process. In this approach, user requirements are captured and expressed through user stories and scenarios, which serve as examples and acceptance criteria. Employing small iterations, this process reduces both time and cost of software development. Nonetheless, frequent small iterations pose a significant challenge for testing, especially regression testing. To mitigate the problem, automation testing has been adopted; however, manually composing test scripts can be error-prone and inefficient. This can result in the essential regression tests being deferred to later iterations, rendering it too late to identify errors. This paper proposes an approach to address this issue by generating Robot test scripts automatically from user stories and scenarios. Using XML to lay out the UI structures of the web page, test scripts can be created during the design phase. In addition to the examples provided in scenarios, the XML Schema Definition (XSD) is utilized to produce augmented test datasets automatically. Parameterizing test scripts also enables multiple test scripts with shared test steps but different test datasets, to be consolidated into a single script, thus drastically reducing maintenance effort. keywords: {Costs;Communication systems;XML;Web pages;Maintenance engineering;Rendering (computer graphics);Software;software testing;test automation;data-driven testing;robot framework;test script;user story;scenario},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10151185&isnumber=10150444

Y. Malheiros, A. Moraes, C. Trindade and S. Meira, "A Source Code Recommender System to Support Newcomers," 2012 IEEE 36th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference, Izmir, Turkey, 2012, pp. 19-24, doi: 10.1109/COMPSAC.2012.11.Abstract: Newcomers in a software development project often need assistance to complete their first tasks. Then a mentor, an experienced member of the team, usually teaches the newcomers what they need to complete their tasks. But, to allocate an experienced member of a team to teach a newcomer during a long time is neither always possible nor desirable, because the mentor could be more helpful doing more important tasks. During the development the team interacts with a version control system, bug tracking and mailing lists, and all these tools record data creating the project memory. Recommender systems can use the project memory to help newcomers in some tasks answering their questions, thus in some cases the developers do not need a mentor. In this paper we present Mentor, a recommender system to help newcomers to solve change requests. Mentor uses the Prediction by Partial Matching (PPM) algorithm and some heuristics to analyze the change requests, and the version control data, and recommend potentially relevant source code that will help the developer in the change request solution. We did three experiments to compare the PPM algorithm with the Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI). Using PPM we achieved results for recall rate between 37% and 66.8%, and using LSI the results were between 20.3% and 51.6%. keywords: {Large scale integration;Context;Entropy;Measurement;Recommender systems;Databases;Software;recommender systems;software engineering;software maintenance;information theory},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6340250&isnumber=6340122

G. Agosta, A. Barenghi, G. Pelosi and M. Scandale, "Towards Transparently Tackling Functionality and Performance Issues across Different OpenCL Platforms," 2014 Second International Symposium on Computing and Networking, Shizuoka, Japan, 2014, pp. 130-136, doi: 10.1109/CANDAR.2014.53.Abstract: OpenCL applications may present tight constraints on work-group size due to algorithm design or chosen implementation strategy. This may hamper functional or performance portability across different platforms, due to lack of resources. The current solution is to re-design the implementation, optimizing it for the new platform. However, this can become a showstopper for new platforms, for which a large manual optimization effort is needed to port benchmark suites and applications. In this work, we aim at tackling such issues by applying work-item coalescing techniques to optimize the mapping of the work-items to the processing elements. However, this is generally not sufficient to achieve good performance as different design patterns may be applied to exploit the specific features of the target architecture. We show how additional target specific transformations can improve the performance with respect to the work-items coalescing baseline. We employ a Matrix Multiply case study to show how the work-item coalescing transformations can impact functional portability, together with providing an opportunity of automatically inserting the use of asynchronous copies on embedded many-core platforms endowed with such a feature. keywords: {Computer architecture;Kernel;Runtime;Graphics processing units;Synchronization;Programming;Hardware;Parallel Architectures;Parallel Programming;Open CL;GPGPU},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7052172&isnumber=7051844

P. Oliveira, R. M. C. Andrade, I. Barreto, T. P. Nogueira and L. Morais Bueno, "Issue Auto-Assignment in Software Projects with Machine Learning Techniques," 2021 IEEE/ACM 8th International Workshop on Software Engineering Research and Industrial Practice (SER&IP), Madrid, Spain, 2021, pp. 65-72, doi: 10.1109/SER-IP52554.2021.00018.Abstract: Usually, managers or technical leaders in software projects assign issues manually. This task may become more complex as more detailed is the issue description. This complexity can also make the process more prone to errors (misassignments) and time-consuming. In the literature, many studies aim to address this problem by using machine learning strategies. Although there is no specific solution that works for all companies, experience reports are useful to guide the choices in industrial auto-assignment projects. This paper presents an industrial initiative conducted in a global electronics company that aims to minimize the time spent and the errors that can arise in the issue assignment process. As main contributions, we present a literature review, an industrial report comparing different algorithms, and lessons learned during the project. keywords: {Deep learning;Machine learning algorithms;Software algorithms;Companies;Manuals;Maintenance engineering;Software;Software Engineering;Machine Learning;Issue Assignment;Industrial Report},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9474835&isnumber=9474820

Y. Wang, C. Wang, Y. Zhai, T. Li and Z. Liu, "MSPM: A Multi-Strategy Prompting Method for Goal-Oriented Modeling from User Stories," 2025 32nd Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC), Macau, China, 2025, pp. 714-724, doi: 10.1109/APSEC66846.2025.00073.Abstract: In agile development, user stories are used to express user requirements, which employ simple natural language sentences. As software scales grow and evolve continuously, managing user stories becomes increasingly challenging, necessitating the modeling of user stories to clarify their associated semantics. Currently, representing user stories as goal models is an effective approach. However, extracting the semantics of the goal models from user stories is a time-consuming and labor-intensive task. In particular, abstracting low-level user stories into high-level goals remains difficult and relies heavily on the expertise of requirements engineers. This paper leverages the knowledge extraction and comprehension capabilities of large language models (LLMs) to divide the goal model extraction task into two categories: explicit concept extraction and implicit concept extraction. This classification is based on direct extraction from the user story field (explicit) and extraction according to implicit semantics (implicit). A multi-strategy prompting method (MSPM) is devised, which combines prompt templates, few-shot learning, ReAct, and chain-of-thought techniques to suit explicit and implicit goal model concept extraction, ultimately generating iStar models. The experimental results show that the proposed method has an average F 1 scores of 97.9% and 92.7% for the nodes and relationships in the extraction of the goal model, and has advantages in the completeness of the extraction of the goal modeling element. keywords: {Large language models;Semantics;Natural languages;Agile software development;Software;Few shot learning;Software engineering;Agile Software Development;Goal modeling;Multi-Strategy;Element Extraction},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11396585&isnumber=11396471

P. Rodeghero, "Behavior-Informed Algorithms for Automatic Documentation Generation," 2017 IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution (ICSME), Shanghai, China, 2017, pp. 660-664, doi: 10.1109/ICSME.2017.73.Abstract: Programmers rely on source code documentation to quickly understand what the source code does and how they would use it. Unfortunately, many programmers do not have the time to write and maintain source code documentation. A solution to this problem is to document and summarize source code automatically. Unfortunately, research efforts to automatically generate documentation have stalled recently because the research community does not know exactly what a summary of source code should include. To solve this problem, my overall strategy is to study programmer behavior in order to write algorithms that mimic that behavior. I have four key areas of work in which I execute that strategy: First, I determine what areas of code programmers read when they create documentation. Second, I find patterns in programmers' eye movements when they reading code. Third, I use recordings of developer-client meetings to extract user story information. Finally, I propose to conduct a grounded theory study at a medium sized software company to determine whether factors outside the code influence source code summarization. This paper discusses the foundation for my career in the software engineering community, and I seek the community's advice. keywords: {Documentation;Software;Tools;Data mining;Companies;Human factors;Source code summaries;program comprehension},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8094477&isnumber=8094382

G. Kolhatkar, A. Madan, N. Kowtal, S. Roy and S. Sonawane, "Converting Epics/Stories into Pseudocode Using Transformers," 2023 IEEE 20th India Council International Conference (INDICON), Hyderabad, India, 2023, pp. 37-42, doi: 10.1109/INDICON59947.2023.10440775.Abstract: The conversion of user epics or stories into their appropriate representation in pseudocode or code is a time-consuming task, which can take up a large portion of the time in an industrial project. With this research paper, we aim to present a methodology to generate pseudocode from a given agile user story of small functionalities so as to reduce the overall time spent on the industrial project. Pseudocode is a programming language agnostic representation of the steps involved in a computer program, which can be easily converted into any programming language. Leveraging the potential of Natural Language Processing, we want to simplify the development process in organizations that use the Agile Model of Software Development. We present a methodology to convert a problem described in the English language into pseudocode. This methodology divides the Text to Pseudocode conversion task into two stages or subtasks, each of which is treated like an individual machine translation task. Stage 1 is Text to Code Conversion and Stage 2 is Code to Pseudocode Conversion. We find that the CodeT5 model gives the best results in terms of BLEU score when trained separately on the two subtasks mentioned above. BLEU score is a metric that is used to measure the similarity between a machine-translated text and a set of reference translations. keywords: {Codes;Organizations;Programming;Transformers;Software;Task analysis;Python;Text to code generation;Code to Pseudocode generation;Transformers},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10440775&isnumber=10440669

Anita Sardana; Vidhu Kiran Sharma, "Agile Framework Adaptation Issues in Various Sectors," in Agile Software Development: Trends, Challenges and Applications , Wiley, 2023, pp.23-38, doi: 10.1002/9781119896838.ch2.Abstract: Summary Agile software development (ASD) is a grown environment for achieving goals such as customer satisfaction, an error free application etc. by incorporating best practices such as test driven/design development (TDD), pair programming (PP), refactoring, daily meeting, small product vision, workflow practice, retrospective, demos, simplicity, open work culture, small iteration, small user story, or small team. Traditionally, software development life cycle (SDLC) such as waterfall model, prototyping model, iterative model, spiral model etc. are in trend. No doubt this agile way of working has brought various questions among users of agile working environment. In this chapter, various issues will be addressed which are creating hurdles for newbie's while doing a switch from traditional model to an agile model. A basic issue while switching is an adaptation issue as team needs to work in a tightly coupled environment. Human‐Human linkages are of different kinds for different kind of people. These linkages play a significant role when pair programming practice is used. In PP practice, one person behaves like a driver and other person behave like a reviewer for the driver. An adapting practice of agile is little bit cumbersome but not impossible. Agile outcomes are so positive that everyone wants to be an agile follower. Demand is more but sectors who are actually implementing this agile culture are very less. Specifically, in this chapter, issues of various sectors would be resolved by addressing a need matrix which will list a need of a particular sector and a resolution matrix which will list all proposed solution for all listed needs in the need matrix. Also, different use cases will be presented so as to have more clarity on resolution part in different sectors. Various sectors pertaining to agile adaptability are education, research, counselling, and software development office. keywords: {Couplings;Software;Companies;Industries;Buildings;Agile software development;Adaptation models;Variable speed drives;Testing;Programming profession},

D. D. Gregorio, "How the Business Analyst supports and encourages collaboration on agile projects," 2012 IEEE International Systems Conference SysCon 2012, Vancouver, BC, Canada, 2012, pp. 1-4, doi: 10.1109/SysCon.2012.6189437.Abstract: Agile teams need the Business Analyst (BA) to clearly define and communicate the detailed user stories to ensure a successful product. MITRE's Corporate IT Systems Engineering department supports software development activities which recently adopted an agile methodology. Unlike the detailed requirements documentation of more traditional, waterfall-based projects, we have found the streamlined “user stories” inadequate for developers or testers. Our BA experiences with eliciting user story details and maintaining the backlog for sprint planning are a critical component to agile development. BA activities include grooming the backlog, documenting user stories with detailed contracts, and performing user story verification through testing. This paper will review the techniques we have used during agile projects to manage the sprint cycle, including templates for user story management. Capturing artifacts from other agile projects and documenting recommended agile process guidelines can help projects be successful through reuse and collaboration. Many agile projects generate artifacts that are lost or are created for the benefit of only their project and discarded when through. Agile encourages lean documentation in order to maximize agility. We established a repository using an internal website where we documented corporte IT processes and share agile templates and samples. This repository includes samples of sprint schedules, backlog lists, burn-down charts, retrospective items, and user stories. The corporate IT process recommends agile but also includes traditional waterfall guidance and correlates the two different approaches. All projects, whether they are agile or otherwise, need similar deliverables, including project schedules and project plans. In correlating agile considerations to a waterfall approach, we hope to ease the transition to agile. The process guidance and repository site promotes collaboration, reuse, and review among agile projects within the organization. keywords: {Business;Documentation;Testing;Schedules;Software;Collaboration;agile;scrum;user stories;business analyst},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6189437&isnumber=6189430

C. Tona, R. Juárez-Ramírez, S. Jiménez and R. G. P. López, "Toward Developing an Ontology for Assessing Quality of User Stories in Scrum Framework," 2022 10th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), Ciudad Modelo, San José Chiapa, Mexico, 2022, pp. 39-48, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT55708.2022.00016.Abstract: User stories are an increasingly popular textual notation for capturing requirements in agile software development. They describe small system parts oriented to the user and guide developers' daily work. Most users use them in combination with Scrum, but despite their popularity, user stories are often too crude, so misunderstandings or dependencies remain unpredictable. Moreover, research efforts on them are limited since there is no scientific evidence on the effectiveness and validation of user stories. In turn, The International IT Research Firm Standish Group mentions incomplete agile requirements as their main impediment to success. This ongoing research proposes the semantic relationship assessment of an ontology for evaluating the user story's quality. In addition, the authors conducted a qualitative validation of the relationships of the ontology with Software Engineering practitioners. This work's result will help propose an ontology to assess the quality of a user story, and it will guide development teams during the creation, analysis, and development of user stories. keywords: {Technological innovation;Semantics;Ontologies;Scrum (Software development);Software engineering;User Stories;Quality;Ontology;Agile Requirements;Scrum},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10066690&isnumber=10066538

M. Saphira and A. Rusli, "Towards a Gamified Support Tool for Requirements Gathering in Bahasa Indonesia," 2019 5th International Conference on New Media Studies (CONMEDIA), Bali, Indonesia, 2019, pp. 201-206, doi: 10.1109/CONMEDIA46929.2019.8981828.Abstract: In this modern world, software products have significant impacts on every aspect of peoples' life. Requirements engineering is one of the most critical activities in software development in which the foundation of the product is laid. In order to provide structure in requirements, the user stories concept is often used. The user story concept emphasizes information in three central parts, the stakeholder's role, the requirement, and the business value which will be satisfied by the requirement. Stakeholders' participation is crucial in gathering, eliciting, and analyzing requirements; however, frequently due to circumstances, stakeholders provide minimum information related to the software requirements. In order to increase user's participation in providing stories related to the software requirements, our research aims to develop a gamified web-based support tool for the stakeholders and engineers to use in gathering requirements while implementing the user story concept. The gamified support tool is then evaluated to assess the system adoption regarding its use to support users in providing requirements regarding a specific software product. Results show that the support tool receives scores as follow, 81.1% for Joy, 73.4% for Control, 67.2% for Focused Immersion, 60.6% for Temporal Dissociation, 80% for Curiosity, 76.8% for Perceived Ease of Use, 72.9% for Perceived Usefulness, and 76.2% for Behavioral Intention to Use. Based on the interview with the users, the support tool shows excellent potential to be further developed to support the requirements engineering activity in software development. keywords: {Software;Games;Tools;Avatars;Stakeholders;Requirements engineering;requirements engineering;gamification;user stories;HMSAM;NLP for Bahasa Indonesia},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8981828&isnumber=8981808

J. Berends and F. Dalpiaz, "Refining User Stories via Example Mapping: An Empirical Investigation," 2021 IEEE 29th International Requirements Engineering Conference (RE), Notre Dame, IN, USA, 2021, pp. 345-355, doi: 10.1109/RE51729.2021.00038.Abstract: New techniques for managing, specifying, and analyzing requirements in software engineering projects are frequently presented by consultants and agile trainers. However, the effectiveness of these techniques is not evaluated in a rigorous manner, leaving practitioners with the question “Will it work in our company?” In this paper, we investigate the performance of a user story refinement technique named Example Mapping (EM). This is a time-boxed workshop in which people from different disciplines work collaboratively in order to refine, or clarify, a user story with the use of examples. The creation of such examples is intended not only to obtain a more precise specification, but also and mostly to achieve shared understanding on the user story to develop among the team members. We investigate the performance of EM via two longitudinal case studies. To enable a rigorous validation of EM, we first define the Refinement Evaluation Tool (RET), a survey-based measurement instrument that extends the Method Evaluation Model with questions that cover the shared understanding dimension. The results from our case studies show that EM contributes to the shared understanding within a team; certain conditions are necessary: the user stories should not be too small-sized. We also investigated the learning effect for EM; our data indicates that two sessions are generally necessary for the team members to use the technique effectively. keywords: {Measurement;Instruments;Conferences;Refining;Organizations;Tools;Requirements engineering;Example Mapping;Shared Understanding;Refinement;User Stories},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9604648&isnumber=9604523

J. Naher, C. Gloster, S. S. Jadhav and C. C. Doss, "Design Space Exploration of an OpenCL Based SAXPY Kernel Implementation on FPGAs," 2020 SoutheastCon, Raleigh, NC, USA, 2020, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/SoutheastCon44009.2020.9368289.Abstract: High-performance computing researchers are trying to find new options, tools to satisfy the performance criteria of a hardware design. FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array) is one of the accelerators which is widely used for power-efficient applications due to its reconfigurability and high performance. Traditionally FPGA can be programmed using Hardware Description Language (HDL). Using HDL, for any FPGA hardware architecture design, the designer needs to be very knowledgeable about the hardware and the Register Transfer Level Language (RTL) programming. While designing hardware architecture, it was always desired to reduce design complexity and developing time. FPGA can be programmed by a software programmer using High-Level Synthesis (HLS) tools like OpenCL, Vivado while avoiding design complexity and reducing the developing time. OpenCL is an HLS tool where a designer can write the code like the software and design the hardware. An OpenCL design can be done using many data partitions and task parallelism techniques. The SAXPY, a level 1 Basic Linear Algebra (BLAS) routine is widely used for many scientific applications. This level 1, BLAS routine which involves vector-vector operations, can be implemented in various ways like using the n-dimensional range (NDRange) or single work item, using global memory or local memory, choosing the option to reuse the local storage, and tuning the design knobs such as block size, work item, bank width, number of memory banks and loop unrolling factor. This paper is presenting a Design Space Exploration (DSE) of OpenCL-based implementation for SAXPY kernel on FPGAs. From our investigation, we have found that the NDRange kernel is more throughput efficient for SAXPY kernel operations. keywords: {Tools;Throughput;Hardware;Space exploration;Kernel;Hardware design languages;Field programmable gate arrays;Vector-Vector addition;SAXPY;FPGAs;OpenCL;DSE},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9368289&isnumber=9368252

Y. A. Kustiawan and T. Y. Lim, "User Stories in Requirements Elicitation: A Systematic Literature Review," 2023 IEEE 8th International Conference On Software Engineering and Computer Systems (ICSECS), Penang, Malaysia, 2023, pp. 211-216, doi: 10.1109/ICSECS58457.2023.10256364.Abstract: A user story is commonly applied in requirement elicitation, particularly in agile software development. User story is typically composed in semi-formal natural language, and often follow a predefined template. The user story is used to elicit requirements from the users' perspective, emphasizing who requires the system, what they expect from it, and why it is important. This study aims to acquire a comprehensive understanding of user stories in requirement elicitation. To achieve this aim, this systematic review merged an electronic search of four databases related to computer science. 40 papers were chosen and examined. The majority of selected papers were published through conference channels which comprising 75% of total publications. This study identified 24 problems in user stories related to requirements elicitation, with ambiguity or vagueness being the most frequently occurring problem reported 18 times, followed by incompleteness reported 11 times. Finally, the model approach was the most popular approach reported in the research paper, accounting for 30% of the total approaches reported. keywords: {Knowledge engineering;Computer science;Systematics;Databases;Taxonomy;Natural languages;Prototypes;Requirement elicitation;user stories;systematic review},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10256364&isnumber=10256269

N. R. Howes, J. D. Wood and A. Goforth, "The peer tasking design method," Proceedings of Third Workshop on Parallel and Distributed Real-Time Systems, Santa Barbara, CA, USA, 1995, pp. 20-29, doi: 10.1109/WPDRTS.1995.470511.Abstract: This paper is a preliminary report of an ARPA sponsored study. It focuses on designing real-time command and control or battle management systems for parallel and distributed architectures. Due to delays in other ARPA programs, the targeted architectures were not available during the time frame of the study. The results of the study were, however, tested on more conventional sequential and parallel platforms. The design method discussed here is fundamentally different from those assumed by current real-time scheduling theories, e.g., rate-monotonic, earliest-deadline-first, least-laxity or best-effort. These theories assume that the fundamental unit of prioritization is the task. In this new method, the fundamental unit of prioritization is called a work item. Work items are functions the system performs that have timing requirements (deadlines) associated with them in the requirements specification. Current scheduling theories are applied using artifact deadlines introduced by designers whereas this new method schedules work items to meet specification deadlines (sometimes called end-to-end deadlines) required by the user. With this method, tasks have no priorities. A collection of tasks with no priorities will be called a collection of peer tasks. The study showed that it is possible to schedule work items based on importance rather than urgency while still meeting as many work item deadlines as can be met by scheduling tasks with respect to urgency. Also, it showed that the minimum on-line deadline that can be guaranteed for a work item of highest importance, scheduled at run-time, is approximately the inverse of the throughput, measured in work items per second, for a work load consisting only of work items of that type. Further, it was shown that it provides optimal utilization of a single processor machine, and that its timing behavior is predictable (provable) for both single and multiprocessor machines. Finally, it was shown that throughput is not degraded during overload.<> keywords: {Design methodology;Timing;Throughput;Peer to peer computing;Real time systems;Command and control systems;Delay effects;Sequential analysis;Processor scheduling;Runtime},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=470511&isnumber=9924

A. Arora and N. Chauhan, "A regression test selection technique by optimizing user stories in an Agile environment," 2014 IEEE International Advance Computing Conference (IACC), Gurgaon, India, 2014, pp. 1454-1458, doi: 10.1109/IAdCC.2014.6779540.Abstract: An Agile framework of software development has attracted major players of the software industry. This transition of approach has caused significant changes in terms of fast delivery, less documentation, more satisfaction and more interactions. Effective handling of frequent changes during development is one of the important accepting criteria for this framework by software professionals. Frequent changes during the sprint will cause aggregation of test cases in the suite and may effect the time to delivery of product to the customer. To overcome this issue of late delivery, an approach of test case selection is proposed in this paper. This approach takes into consideration weights of the undirected graph of the group of user story in a module and optimal nature of this proposed method removes other risks of the development of the user story. keywords: {Testing;Software;Patents;Conferences;Manuals;Length measurement;Complexity theory;Agile;Undirected Graph;Regression Test Selection;Testing;Optimal Connection},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6779540&isnumber=6779283

Y. Nishiwaki, K. Fukushima, K. Karatsuya and K. Tsuda, "A consideration of Information Extraction Techniques for highly uncertain information in Agile Development," 2025 19th IIAI International Congress on Advanced Applied Informatics (IIAI-AAI-Winter), Phuket, Thailand, 2025, pp. 49-54, doi: 10.1109/IIAI-AAI-Winter69777.2025.00018.Abstract: In recent years, Japan’s domestic workforce has been rapidly declining, leading to increased use of global resources in system development. In the 2000s, Japan-style offshore development, mainly in China, leveraged cost and time differences. Since the COVID-19 pandemic, remote collaboration and cloud-based system development have become more common. In Japan, the Waterfall model is still the mainstream, but globally, there are many projects that apply Agile development processes, especially Scrum. On the other hand, when defining requirements on the Japan side and developing them globally, there are various gaps such as language gaps, cultural differences, ways of thinking about resource application, and teaming, and it is an urgent issue to solve them. In particular, it is an important task to correctly understand the requirements that are the basis of system development and to complete from the development to testing. From this perspective, the key is not only to bridge the language gap in communication, but also to communicate specifications from the domestic to the global side. Therefore, this study examined methods to mitigate misunderstandings regarding requirements and specifications, based on a case study of a system development project involving collaboration with global resources. In the Agile development process, the requirements are incorporated into a User Story. Then, define the Acceptance Criteria in the User Story. For this reason, it is important to focus on these Acceptance Criteria and investigate what kind of sentences the clarity and ambiguity of the required specifications occurred. This study explained expressions and sentences that contain a high degree of uncertainty and ambiguity. It is evaluated pattern formation in terms of relevance and pattern formation in word endings, and evaluates methods that lead to a reduction in errors. This paper presented a perspective for product owners to understand, define, accept and verify the requirements in future system development centered on Agile development process. Japan's demographic decline has accelerated the use of global resources in software development, which introduces language and cultural gaps. These gaps increase ambiguity in requirement specifications, making early detection of unclear Acceptance Criteria critical for reducing defects and rework. This context highlights the importance of addressing ambiguity in Acceptance Criteria. keywords: {Pattern formation;Uncertainty;Pandemics;Collaboration;Information retrieval;Natural language processing;Cultural differences;Pattern analysis;Testing;Software development management;Agile development;Ambiguous;Acceptance criteria;Uncertain information;Natural Language Processing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11418352&isnumber=11418074

Daniel Galin, "Software Change Control Processes," in Software Quality: Concepts and Practice , IEEE, 2018, pp.476-485, doi: 10.1002/9781119134527.ch22.Abstract: This chapter discusses the performance of software change control (SCC) in the development organisation and explains the potential damage from careless running of the software change control process. It also discusses the process of handling a software change request (SCR) in a software system. Initiatives to submit SCRs in the software development stage are mainly proposed by the customer and the developer. The SCR evaluation report refers to the various aspect of the request and serves as a basis for the SCC committee's decision. The responsibility for implementation of SCC tasks in software development and maintenance organizations is usually assigned to professional committee appointed by the management. SCC committee follows‐up the implementation of the SCQs regarding conformance to the project schedule, successful completion of change activities, and the actual resources utilized for the software change order (SCO). keywords: {Software;Schedules;Process control;Delays;Maintenance engineering;Organizations;Urban areas},

S. Xu, "Supporting Software Evolution through Intelligent Concept location," 2026 IEEE/ACIS 24th International Conference on Software Engineering Research, Management and Applications (SERA), Towson, MD, USA, 2026, pp. 1-1, doi: 10.1109/SERA69989.2026.11618639.Abstract: Software systems continuously evolve to accommodate changing requirements, new technologies, and maintenance demands. A fundamental challenge in software evolution is concept location, which is the process of identifying source code elements relevant to a change request, feature enhancement, bug fix, or maintenance task. Because software knowledge is often distributed across large and complex codebases, concept location can be time-consuming, cognitively demanding, and costly when performed manually. This keynote will examine concept location as a critical activity in software maintenance and evolution, and present major advances in automating and supporting this process through static, dynamic, and hybrid approaches. Techniques such as information retrieval, execution-based analysis, program dependency analysis, and machine learning-assisted methods will be discussed, along with their roles in improving change impact analysis, feature location, program comprehension, and software quality. In addition, the keynote will address emerging challenges posed by large-scale systems, AI-assisted development environments, and evolving software architectures, and outline promising future research directions in intelligent support for software evolution. keywords: {Educational institutions;Software},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11618639&isnumber=11618580

D. Selvyanti and Y. Bandung, "The requirements engineering framework based on ISO 29148:2011 and multi-view modeling framework," 2017 International Conference on Information Technology Systems and Innovation (ICITSI), Bandung, Indonesia, 2017, pp. 128-133, doi: 10.1109/ICITSI.2017.8267930.Abstract: Software development in Government Agencies in Indonesia faces various challenges. There are at least 18 (eighteen) factors of software development projects failure which recorded, such as miscommunication about project owner needs, no method to guarantee user needs identified consistently, accurately and completely; lack of ability to handle the change request of the project from users; unclear specification; and lack of understanding about software development standard. Based on that study, it had been done an analysis how to overcome them, especially that related to software requirements area. The result of the analysis then used as reference to design a requirements engineering framework for the government agencies. The design of this framework was conducted by combining processes/activities/tasks and artifacts of ISO/IEC/IEEE 29148:2011 and Multi-View Modeling Framework resulting a set of processes/activities/tasks of the requirements engineering framework and artifacts. The evaluation of the framework design showed that the framework could add the completeness of understanding of requirements engineers (the increase is 9.81%), improved guidelines (the increase is 2.41%) and provide greater benefits in terms of improving quality of requirements documents and as a communication tool between the parties involved in the requirements engineering (the increase is 10.38%). keywords: {Requirements engineering;Software;ISO Standards;IEC Standards;Government;Unified modeling language;Requirements engineering;requirements engineering framework;requirements engineering framework for government agencies},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8267930&isnumber=8267903

N. Wisitpongphan and T. Khampachua, "Agile in public sector: Case study of dairy farm management projects," 2016 13th International Joint Conference on Computer Science and Software Engineering (JCSSE), Khon Kaen, Thailand, 2016, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/JCSSE.2016.7748916.Abstract: Agile software development approach seems to work well in an organization where processes change on a regular basis. Conversely, adopting Agile practice in public sector, where work procedures have to follow a well-defined processes, faces several challenges. In this paper, we investigated how Agile methods could be adopted for practice in a public sector context using two projects of different sizes and complexity as our case studies. Our results show that certain Agile methods were able to work well in a public sector with some additional procedures required, while the main challenges of applying Agile methods in public sector are the change request management and the procurement process. keywords: {Software;Organizations;Orbits;Cows;Context;Feeds;Planning},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7748916&isnumber=7748833

T. Xing, "Software configuration management of change control study based on baseline," 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Control and Information Processing, Dalian, China, 2010, pp. 93-96, doi: 10.1109/ICICIP.2010.5565288.Abstract: Change control is the core of the software configuration management, through create product baseline, in the product life cycle, control the baseline of release and change. This paper describes the definition of software configuration management and the specific effect of software development project, point out that in order to effectively control change and introduce the baseline management, through graphics express the most commonly used software project baseline. Then focus on study changing control, through the graphics show waterfall model of the change of the magnitude, clarify the types of change, through the change request, change assessment, change approval or reject to control of the change for the four processes. keywords: {Process control;Programming;Libraries;Book reviews;Software systems;Documentation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5565288&isnumber=5564160

H. Iwasaki, T. Nakajima, R. Tsukamoto, K. Takahashi and S. Tokumoto, "A Software Impact Analysis Tool based on Change History Learning and its Evaluation," 2022 IEEE/ACM 44th International Conference on Software Engineering: Software Engineering in Practice (ICSE-SEIP), Pittsburgh, PA, USA, 2022, pp. 11-12, doi: 10.1145/3510457.3519017.Abstract: Software change impact analysis plays an important role in controlling software evolution in the maintenance of continuous software development. We developed a tool for change impact analysis, which machine-learns change histories and directly outputs candidates of the components to be modified for a change request. We applied the tool to real project data to evaluate it with two metrics: coverage range ratio and accuracy in the coverage range. The results show that it works well for software projects having many change histories for one source code base. keywords: {Measurement;Codes;Maintenance engineering;Software;History;Software engineering},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9793550&isnumber=9793543

A. S. Dufek, S. A. Gottlieb, M. G. Awan, D. A. Augusto, J. Deslippe and B. Cook, "Optimizing MILC-Dslash Performance on NVIDIA A100 GPU: Parallel Strategies using SYCL," SC24-W: Workshops of the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, Atlanta, GA, USA, 2024, pp. 1106-1116, doi: 10.1109/SCW63240.2024.00151.Abstract: MILC-Dslash is a benchmark that is derived from the MILC code which simulates lattice-gauge theory on a four-dimensional hypercube. This paper outlines a gradual progression in increasing the granularity of parallelism in the MILC-Dslash kernel using the SYCL programming model, transitioning from a simple to a fully parallel implementation. We explore the impact of various parallel strategies on the MILC-Dslash performance on an NVIDIA A100 GPU. This investigation encompasses different work-item index orders, work-group sizes, and memory access patterns that arise from these strategies. Examples of components intertwined with the parallel strategies include atomic memory operations, shared variables, divergent instructions, synchronization barrier, scenarios with and without dependencies between iterations, as well as versions with and without using the SYCL complex library (SyclCPLX) and the SYCLomatic tool. The best parallel strategy is twice as fast as the simplest strategy and shows a 10% improvement over the QUDA baseline, thanks to enhanced parallelism and the use of work-group local memory. This, along with other findings — such as optimizing GPU resource utilization even at the expense of concurrency, prioritizing the use of work-item indexing methods that favor more local-ized memory access patterns, and maximizing both the number of active work-items per warp and the sequence of successive active work-items — could provide valuable guidance for researchers and developers seeking to optimize parallel computing applications. keywords: {Concurrent computing;Codes;Graphics processing units;Parallel processing;Benchmark testing;Libraries;Synchronization;Kernel;Optimization;Indexing;MILC-Dslash;SYCL;SyclCPLX;SYCLomatic;QUDA},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10820621&isnumber=10820558

B. Waldmann, "There's never enough time: Doing requirements under resource constraints, and what requirements engineering can learn from agile development," 2011 IEEE 19th International Requirements Engineering Conference, Trento, Italy, 2011, pp. 301-305, doi: 10.1109/RE.2011.6051626.Abstract: While Requirements Engineering textbooks state that a requirements specification must be complete, in real-life projects we are always starting too late, with too few resources, so we can't do everything. The software development community has solved a similar problem (not having enough resources to implement everything that was asked for) by introducing agile development methods, which offer ways of segmenting the overall project, and choosing which parts to allocate resources to. This paper is about how insights from that agile development community can be applied to requirements engineering activities for any (agile or non-agile) development project. Key terms in agile development, such as “working product” and “user story”, must be mapped intelligently to terms in requirements engineering - and not simply copied: the “product” of requirements engineering is not the same as the “product” being implemented by developers. keywords: {Business;Auditory system;Software;Programming;Silicon;Prototypes;Instruments;requirements engineering;triage;agile development;systems projects},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6051626&isnumber=6051621

M. M. Moe and K. K. Oo, "Evaluation of Quality, Productivity, and Defect by applying Test-Driven Development to perform Unit Tests," 2020 IEEE 9th Global Conference on Consumer Electronics (GCCE), Kobe, Japan, 2020, pp. 435-436, doi: 10.1109/GCCE50665.2020.9291950.Abstract: Unit testing is part of software testing in which an application split up small parts is known as units. The software development technique also contains test-driven development (TDD) that unit tests are applied to support the development process. The aim of this paper is to evaluate quality, productivity and defect rate on tests by applying test-driven development approach. This expected system establishes the defect-based, user story-based and test-based of regression analysis method to examine the performance effect on quality, productivity, and defect - rate. This expected system's outcomes studied the productivity's effect is good, the effect of quality slightly diminished and the defect rate's effect is quite reduced. Test-Driven Development supports issues to be observed at the earliest, which has the impact of reducing the resolution cost but also the no: of bugs. This approach gives the developer confidence to execute the refactoring and on-going improvement tasks essential to the success of the method. keywords: {Productivity;Software testing;Conferences;Software;Regression analysis;Task analysis;Consumer electronics;Test-Driven development;Unit test;Quality;Productivity;Defect rate},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9291950&isnumber=9291703

E. M. Colonese, J. C. Nobre, L. S. Anjos and J. M. P. Oliveira, "Killing gateways: Applying the RTSframework to improve avioncs systems performance," 2008 IEEE/AIAA 27th Digital Avionics Systems Conference, St. Paul, MN, USA, 2008, pp. 5.B.1-1-5.B.1-10, doi: 10.1109/DASC.2008.4702846.Abstract: Data interoperability remains a challenge for operational requirements allowing Real-Time Systems (RTS) to work together. Distributed Real-Time Embedded (DRE) Systems are increasingly based on component middleware/ gateways for data exchange. A gateway is a link between two computer programs. It acts as a portal between two programs allowing them to share information and bypass certain protocols on a host computer. Although seemingly harmless, a gateway can have tremendous negative performance effects on systems. The data interoperability mechanism built-in in the RTSframework replaces the gateways while maintaining the system behavior and data integrity, and improving the overall system performance. To validate this research proposal, a target avionic system is adapted to the RTSframework, implementing the new approach of data interoperability, and enforcing the correct realization of functional requirements. The advantage of the RTSframework utilization is verified through comparisons of software quality, reliability and complexity before and after the real-time target avionic system adaptation. The comparisons were used to evaluate changes made on software’s logical model and code providing indications of software quality improvement. Quality indicates how well the software meets the requirements, so in this context, a good performance is identified as a type of change request in which the target-of-test failed to meet the requirements. keywords: {System performance;Middleware;Software quality;Real time systems;Protocols;Aerospace electronics;Service oriented architecture;Software performance;Delay;Software prototyping},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=4702846&isnumber=4702732

I. S. Wiese, R. Ré, I. Steinmacher, R. T. Kuroda, G. A. Oliva and M. A. Gerosa, "Predicting Change Propagation from Repository Information," 2015 29th Brazilian Symposium on Software Engineering, Belo Horizonte, Brazil, 2015, pp. 100-109, doi: 10.1109/SBES.2015.21.Abstract: Change propagation occurs when a change in an artifact leads to changes in other artifacts. Previous research has used frequency of past changes between artifacts and different types of artifacts coupling to build prediction models of change propagation. To improve the accuracy of the prediction, we explored the combination of different data from software development repository, such as change requests, communication data, and artifacts modifications. This information can capture different dimensions of software development, what can lead to improvements on the accuracy of the models. We conducted an empirical study in four open source projects, namely Cassandra, Camel, Hadoop, and Lucene. Classifiers were constructed for each pair of artifacts that change together to predict if the change propagation between two files occurs in a certain change request. The models obtained values of area under the curve (AUC) of 0.849 on average. Furthermore, the sensitivity (recall) obtained is almost 4 times higher (57.06% vs. 15.70%) when compared our models to a baseline model built using association rules. With a reduced number of false positives, the models could be used in practice to help developers during software evolution. keywords: {Software;Context modeling;Accuracy;Software engineering;Couplings;Predictive models;Sensitivity;change propagation;change coupling;co-change;prediction models},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7328014&isnumber=7327993

W. M. Farid and F. J. Mitropoulos, "NORMATIC: A visual tool for modeling Non-Functional Requirements in agile processes," 2012 Proceedings of IEEE Southeastcon, Orlando, FL, USA, 2012, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/SECon.2012.6196989.Abstract: There is consensus in the research community that agile software development methodologies, such as Scrum, are becoming more and more popular in delivering quality Functional Requirements (FRs). However, agile methodologies have not adequately modeled Non-Functional Requirements (NFRs) and their potential solutions (operationalizations) with FRs in early development phases-let alone having tools to support such initiatives. This research proposes NORMATIC, a Java-based simulation tool for modeling non-functional requirements for semi-automatic agile processes. NORMATIC is the semi-automatic tool that supports the more general Non-Functional Requirements Modeling for Agile Processes (NORMAP) Methodology. Early results show that the tool can potentially help agile software development teams in reasoning about and visually modeling NFRs as first-class artifacts early on during requirements gathering and analysis phases. The tool can also aid project managers and Scrum teams in user story estimate and risk calculations as well as risk-driven planning and visualization of the proposed plans. keywords: {Measurement;Project management;Programming;Visualization;Software;Encryption;Planning;Agile Requirements Modeling;Agile Use Case;Agile Loose Case;Agile Choose Case;NFRs;Scrum;NORMATIC;NORMAP Methodology},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6196989&isnumber=6196883

A. Sharma, A. Chaturvedi and A. K. Tripathi, "From Problem Descriptions to User Stories: Utilizing Large Language Models through Prompt Chaining," 2024 15th International Conference on Computing Communication and Networking Technologies (ICCCNT), Kamand, India, 2024, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/ICCCNT61001.2024.10724709.Abstract: In software development, generating user stories from problem descriptions plays a key role in understanding and implementing user needs. Leveraging Large Language Models (LLMs) for this task holds immense potential in streamlining the process and improving the accuracy of user story extraction. This paper presents a novel approach, utilizing prompt chaining with LLMs to transform problem descriptions into user stories. The primary focus is extracting the ‘who,’ ‘what,’ and optional ‘why’ components of user stories from specifications of the domain written in natural language (NL). The proposed method involves a four-step prompt chaining strategy that includes identifying roles, grouping functionalities based on roles, determining the rationale behind each role’s functionalities, and, finally, crafting user stories in the Connextra notation. Evaluation of problem descriptions of five different systems demonstrated the effectiveness of the approach in accurately extracting Roles and Functions of user stories. The results showcased high average precision (94%), recall ($\mathbf{8 9 \%}$), and F1 scores (91%), indicating a strong alignment between the extracted user stories and the Gold Standard. The results indicate that the proposed method holds significant promise for expediting requirement analysis and software development processes. keywords: {Accuracy;Large language models;Computational modeling;Natural languages;Transforms;Software development management;User Stories;Large Language Models (LLMs);Prompt Chaining;Natural Language (NL);Connextra Notation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10724709&isnumber=10723316

I. W. Gamage, R. M. U. A. Rathnayake and T. Halloluwa, "Estimating Story Points in Scrum: Balancing Accuracy and Interpretability with Explainable AI," 2024 6th International Conference on Advancements in Computing (ICAC), Colombo, Sri Lanka, 2024, pp. 139-144, doi: 10.1109/ICAC64487.2024.10850952.Abstract: Accurate story point estimation is crucial for agile software development. Manual estimation is time-consuming and error-prone, leading to project delays and budget overruns. This study introduces a novel data preprocessing approach to address these challenges. Our method combines similar user story removal with conflicting story point values and data augmentation, distinguishing it from prior research. We contribute 3 new public datasets to support this research. Our experiments demonstrate the proposed preprocessing significantly enhances model accuracy, with the Support Vector Machine (SVM) achieving the highest performance (43.21%) compared to Bidirectional encoder representations from transformers (BERT) (42.37%). We use Local Interpretable Model-Agnostic Explanations (LIME), Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP), and Transformer-Interpret to enhance model interpretability. Among the explored interpretability approaches, highlighting relevant words proved the most effective for understanding model behavior. A human-centered evaluation assessed the model performance and reliability of the explainability methods. While both SVM and BERT had limitations in replicating human estimations, SVM performed marginally better. SHAP outperformed LIME and Transformer-Interpret in aligning with human reasoning, effectively capturing salient data aspects and showing promise for enhancing human-AI collaboration in agile development. Our findings contribute to advancing story point estimation accuracy and transparency in agile software development. keywords: {Support vector machines;Accuracy;Computational modeling;Estimation;Bidirectional control;Transformers;Data augmentation;Encoding;Cognition;Reliability;Agile Development;Story Point Estimation;BERT;Explainable AI;Data Augmentation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10850952&isnumber=10850892

Y. Wu, J. Chen and X. Ba, "Application and Implementation of SMS Platform in Project Management Information System Approval Workflow," 2010 Second World Congress on Software Engineering, Hubei, China, 2010, pp. 77-80, doi: 10.1109/WCSE.2010.38.Abstract: With the wider application of project management information system (hereinafter referred to as PMIS) in power plants, large number of project documents in power plants infrastructure construction phase can be approved at all levels in the PMIS, such as the start sheets, completion sheets, project change request sheets and so on. However, for a variety of reasons such as relevant approval person`s failure to timely log in PMIS, some project documents can't be timely approved, resulting in the standstill of approval process, greatly affecting the work efficiency and processes. This paper introduces a project documents approval SMS alerts function developed by using Short Message Gateway and the interface program provided by mobile corporation, which has positive significance to shorter approval process and improve work efficiency. The uses of this function in power plant infrastructure construction MIS have got consistant recognition and praise of the customers, adding highlights for the power plants infrastructure construction project management. keywords: {Databases;Logic gates;Software;Power generation;Mobile communication;Project management;approval workflow;SMS platform;Gateway Interface},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5718266&isnumber=5718248

Quackenbush S and J. Herre, "MPEG Surround," in IEEE MultiMedia, vol. 12, no. 4, pp. 18-23, Oct.-Dec. 2005, doi: 10.1109/MMUL.2005.76.
Abstract: MPEG's most recent effort to progress the state of the art is the MPEG Surround work item. It provides an efficient method for coding multichannel sound via the transmission of a compressed stereophonic (or even monophonic) audio program plus a low-rate side-information channel. Benefits of this approach include backward compatibility with pervasive stereo playback systems while permitting next-generation players to reconstruct high-quality multichannel sound.
keywords: {MONOS devices;Decoding;Ear;Transform coding;Signal processing;Humans;Standardization;Bridges;Audio systems;Logic;Audio Coding;Digital Audio Broadcast;Surround Sound;and Binaural Cue Coding},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=1524883&isnumber=32608


D. Shrivastava and Rahul, "Performance Optimization of OpenCL-Based Gaussian Filtering: A Comparative Analysis of Optimization Techniques," 2025 International Conference on Electronics, AI and Computing (EAIC), Jalandhar, India, 2025, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/EAIC66483.2025.11101295.Abstract: Gaussian filtering is a popular image processing algorithm for noise elimination and feature detection. Due to its high computational complexity, real-time processing is difficult, requiring efficient parallel computation. OpenCL, an open-standard parallel programming framework, allows high-performance computing on heterogeneous platforms. This paper provides an optimized OpenCL version of Gaussian filtering by applying performance improvement techniques systematically, such as loop unrolling, vectorization, local memory use, data pack optimization, and producing multiple outputs from each work-item. The effectiveness of the optimizations is tested in terms of execution time using NVIDIA GeForce 920MX with OpenCL 3.0. Experimental outcomes reflect significant improvements in performance and decide the most useful optimization techniques to reduce the latency of execution. These findings are used in optimizing OpenCL kernels to enhance image processing applications. The scope for other optimizations such as auto-tuning and machine learning-based approaches for the future may be explored. keywords: {Filtering;Parallel programming;Noise;Graphics processing units;Parallel processing;Hardware;Real-time systems;Registers;Kernel;Optimization;gaussian filtering;image processing;opencl optimization;parallel computing;gpu acceleration;loop unrolling;vectorization;local memory optimization;data packing},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11101295&isnumber=11101288

Y. Lu, T. Lei, Y. Liu, H. Yang and N. Hu, "Research on the logical relation of safety work items in GJB 900A-2012," 2023 5th International Conference on System Reliability and Safety Engineering (SRSE), Beijing, China, 2023, pp. 401-406, doi: 10.1109/SRSE59585.2023.10336061.Abstract: Aiming at problems of GJB 900A-2012 General Requirements for Materiel Safety Program in the field of equipment safety work, such as lack of in-depth interpretation and poor application effect, this standard is deeply studied in this paper. Firstly, 28 safety work items in GJB 900A-2012 were sorted out to assist equipment safety staff to manage the safety work as a whole; Then, the input-output relation of each work item is deeply excavated, and finally the logical relation of safety work items in GJB 900A-2012 is established, which is convenient for safety staff to manage safety work items from the details. This paper will help to promote the further application of GJB 900A-2012 in the field of equipment safety work. keywords: {Excavation;Safety;Reliability;Standards;GJB 900A-2012;safety work items;safety management},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10336061&isnumber=10336051

A. D. Lacasandile, G. V. Tiu, E. M. L. Valencia, R. F. Marcoso and A. B. R. Canivel, "Revolutionizing Higher Education Internship: A Development of a Web-Based Platform to Improve the Relationship Between Internship Seekers, Employers and Educational Institutions," 2023 IEEE 15th International Conference on Humanoid, Nanotechnology, Information Technology, Communication and Control, Environment, and Management (HNICEM), Coron, Palawan, Philippines, 2023, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.1109/HNICEM60674.2023.10589220.Abstract: Internship programme is a crucial element in the curriculum of a bachelor's degree in higher education institutions. It plays a pivotal role in providing students with an opportunity to experience both the academic and professional realms. With the proliferation of emerging technologies, internship placement for students can finally be made more efficient with the help of web-based services. This study aims to design a web-based internship system called “NU AIPO” System (National University Academic Internship and Placement Office) which aimed to streamline the internship placement process of student interns. This study utilized prototype modeling, wherein the system undergo revisions until the satisfactory system is achieved. After utilizing the user story approach, FIGMA platform was used in order to create the web-based design. The final NU AIPO System is composed of the following: Homepage, User Registration and Login, and Student Intern Interface. Overall, this study highlighted the internship processes; and how technology can play a significant role towards streamlining the procedure of getting an internship for the undergraduate students. keywords: {Education;Prototypes;Humanoid robots;Information technology;Nanotechnology;e-learning;education;internship;placement;web-based system},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10589220&isnumber=10589001

Y. Liang, S. Wang and W. Zhang, "FlexCL: A Model of Performance and Power for OpenCL Workloads on FPGAs," in IEEE Transactions on Computers, vol. 67, no. 12, pp. 1750-1764, 1 Dec. 2018, doi: 10.1109/TC.2018.2840686.
Abstract: Hardware acceleration is a promising trend for the energy and thermally constrained systems. The programmable nature of FPGAs allows it to deliver high performance and energy efficient solution. Unfortunately, the traditional RTL-based synthesis flow of FPGAs prevents its wide adoption. In response, recent adoption of OpenCL programming model has raised the possibility to program FPGAs in a software manner. To harness the power of FPGAs using OpenCL programming model, it is advantageous to design an analytical model for performance analysis, design space exploration and provide insights into the performance bottlenecks. To this end, this paper presents FlexCL, an analytical performance and power model for OpenCL workloads on FPGAs. FlexCL leverages static analysis to analyze the OpenCL kernels. As for the performance estimation, it first develops systematic computation models for processing elements, compute units and kernels by modeling the operation scheduling, work-item and work-group scheduling, and the resource constraints. Then, it models different global memory access patterns. Finally, FlexCL estimates the overall performance by tightly coupling the memory and computation models based on the communication mode. FlexCL can be also used to guide performance and power trade-off analysis. Experiments demonstrate that the average performance and power estimation errors of FlexCL are 9.5 and 12.6 percent for the Rodinia suite, respectively. The OpenCL model on FPGAs also exposes a rich optimization design space. With FlexCL, we can enable rapid exploration of the design space with respect to both performance and power within seconds instead of hours or days.
keywords: {Field programmable gate arrays;Computational modeling;Analytical models;Optimization;Programming;Parallel processing;FPGA;OpenCL;performance;power;model},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8365849&isnumber=8525378


J. -J. Li, C. -B. Kuan, T. -Y. Wu and J. K. Lee, "Enabling an OpenCL Compiler for Embedded Multicore DSP Systems," 2012 41st International Conference on Parallel Processing Workshops, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, 2012, pp. 545-552, doi: 10.1109/ICPPW.2012.74.Abstract: OpenCL is an industry's attempt to unify heterogeneous multicore programming. With its programming model defining SPMD kernels, vector types, and address space qualifiers, OpenCL allows programmers to exploit data parallelism with multicore processors and SIMD instructions as well as data locality with memory hierarchy. Recently, OpenCL has gained success on many architectures, including multicore CPUs, GPUs, vector processors, embedded systems with application-specific processors, and even FPGAs. However, how to support OpenCL for embedded multicore DSP systems remains unaddressed. In this paper, we illustrate our OpenCL support for embedded multicore DSP systems. Our target platform consists of one MPU and a DSP subsystem with multiple DSPs. The DSPs we address are VLIW processors with clustered functional units and distributed register files. To generate efficient code for such DSPs, compilers are required to consider irregular register file access in many optimization phases. To utilize the DSPs with distributed register files, we propose a cluster-aware work-item dispatching scheme to vectorize OpenCL kernels and assign independent workload to clusters of a DSP. In addition, we also incorporate several optimizations to enable efficient DSP code generation. In our experiments, we employ a set of OpenCL benchmark programs to evaluate the effectiveness of our OpenCL support. The experiments are conducted on a DSP cycle-accurate simulator and a multicore evaluation board. We report average 29% performance improvement with our vectorization scheme and a near 2-fold speedup with two DSPs compared with a single-MPU setup. keywords: {Digital signal processing;Kernel;Vectors;Registers;Program processors;Multicore processing;VLIW},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6337524&isnumber=6337459

M. Masten, E. Tyurin, K. Mitropoulou, E. Garcia and H. Saito, "Function/Kernel Vectorization via Loop Vectorizer," 2018 IEEE/ACM 5th Workshop on the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure in HPC (LLVM-HPC), Dallas, TX, USA, 2018, pp. 39-48, doi: 10.1109/LLVM-HPC.2018.8639483.Abstract: Currently, there are three vectorizers in the LLVM trunk: Loop Vectorizer, SLP Vectorizer, and Load-Store Vectorizer. There is a need for vectorizing functions/kernels: 1) Function calls are an integral part of programming real world application code and we cannot always rely on fully inlining them. When a function call is made from a vectorized context such as vectorized loop or vectorized function, if there are no vectorized callees available, the call has to be made to a scalar callee, one vector element at a time. At the programming model level, OpenMP declare simd is a standardized syntax to address this problem. LLVM needs a vectorizer to properly vectorize OpenMP declare simd functions. 2) Also, in the GPGPU programming model, such as OpenCL, work-item (thread) parallelism is not expressed with a loop; it is implicit in the execution of the kernels. In order to exploit SIMD parallelism at this top-level (thread-level), we need to start from vectorizing the kernel. One of the obvious ways to vectorize functions/kernels is to add a fourth vectorizer that specifically deals with function vectorization. In this paper, we argue that such a naive approach will lead us to sub-optimal performance and/or higher maintenance burden. Instead, we present a technique to take advantages of the current functionalities and future improvements of Loop Vectorizer in order to vectorize functions and kernels. keywords: {Kernel;Parallel processing;Programming;Cloning;Context;Libraries;Transforms},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8639483&isnumber=8639204

C. -H. Hsu, I. -W. Wu and J. J. -J. Shann, "Dynamic memory optimization and parallelism management for OpenCL," 2014 International Conference on Information Science, Electronics and Electrical Engineering, Sapporo, Japan, 2014, pp. 776-780, doi: 10.1109/InfoSEEE.2014.6947772.Abstract: Recently, multiprocessor platforms have become trends for achieving high performance. OpenCL (Open Computing Language) is one of the programming standards for heterogeneous multiprocessors, and provides portability for these platforms. Our research focuses on platforms with CPUs and GPUs since GPUs are now widespread in use. On such a platform, two programming issues may affect the performance on GPU computing significantly. One is the work load distribution and another is the employment of GPU memory hierarchy. To fully utilize the characteristics of GPUs, programmers have to be not only proficient at parallel programming but also familiar with hardware specifications. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a compilation pass to automatically perform optimizations for OpenCL kernels. Our compilation pass will transform an input naïve kernel function with optimizations, including kernel function analysis, work-group rearrangement, memory coalescing, and work-item merge. In addition, our framework is implemented on a runtime system so that it may dynamically adjust the optimizing parameters according to the hardware specifications. Considering the execution time, the optimized kernels generated by our design may have significant performance improvement over the naïve versions. Although the optimizations performed in runtime may incur time overheads, the overheads may be covered by intensive kernel computation or massive input data in most cases. keywords: {Kernel;Optimization;Random access memory;Graphics processing units;Parallel processing;Registers;Memory management;dynamic optimization;GPU;OpenCL;LLVM},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6947772&isnumber=6947749

M. S. Rahman, Z. Codabux and C. K. Roy, "Investigating the Understandability of Review Comments on Code Change Requests," 2025 IEEE/ACM 22nd International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), Ottawa, ON, Canada, 2025, pp. 539-551, doi: 10.1109/MSR66628.2025.00087.Abstract: Code review is a widely adopted quality assurance practice in software engineering, where expert reviewers assess developers’ code changes before merging. While prior studies have explored review comment quality and usefulness, they often overlook the clarity and understandability of Code Change Request (CCR) comments. Unclear CCR comments can pose significant challenges for developers to address. Therefore, this study investigates the prevalence and impact of confusing or unclear CCR comments and proposes two approaches to enhance CCR communication during code review. Using a dataset of 182 open-source GitHub projects with over 55 K pull requests and 466 K CCR comments, we analyzed how often unclear comments occur and their effects on the review process. Our classifier, built from manually annotated developers’ replies in response to CCR comments, revealed that $24 \%$ of comments led to author confusion. Statistical analysis shows that unclear CCR comments significantly increase resolution time and discussion length, and that pull requests with clear CCR comments are more likely to be addressed and merged. A manual analysis of 400 confusing CCR comments identified six key characteristics, with lack of clarity and unclear rationale being the most common. Our first approach, the confusion classifier, flags authors’ confusion to enable reviewers to clarify ambiguities promptly (recall of 0.96), while the second classifier enables reviewers to evaluate the clarity and understandability of their CCR comments (recall of 0.93). This pioneering study further provides recommendations for enhancing CCR comments and offering a foundation for future research to streamline the review process. keywords: {Software maintenance;Codes;Quality assurance;Reviews;Statistical analysis;Merging;Manuals;Delays;Software engineering;Software development management;Code Review Comments;Code Change Requests;Collaboration;Software Maintenance;Confusion},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11025749&isnumber=11025536

T. H. D. Nguyen, B. Adams and A. E. Hassan, "A Case Study of Bias in Bug-Fix Datasets," 2010 17th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Beverly, MA, USA, 2010, pp. 259-268, doi: 10.1109/WCRE.2010.37.Abstract: Software quality researchers build software quality models by recovering traceability links between bug reports in issue tracking repositories and source code files. However, all too often the data stored in issue tracking repositories is not explicitly tagged or linked to source code. Researchers have to resort to heuristics to tag the data (e.g., to determine if an issue is a bug report or a work item), or to link a piece of code to a particular issue or bug. Recent studies by Bird et al. and by Antoniol et al. suggest that software models based on imperfect datasets with missing links to the code and incorrect tagging of issues, exhibit biases that compromise the validity and generality of the quality models built on top of the datasets. In this study, we verify the effects of such biases for a commercial project that enforces strict development guidelines and rules on the quality of the data in its issue tracking repository. Our results show that even in such a perfect setting, with a near-ideal dataset, biases do exist - leading us to conjecture that biases are more likely a symptom of the underlying software development process instead of being due to the used heuristics. keywords: {Computer bugs;Couplings;Birds;Tagging;Software quality;Software engineering;sample;bias;bug-fix;prediction;data quality},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5645567&isnumber=5645441

J. Lopez-Martinez, A. Ramirez-Noriega, R. Juarez-Ramirez, G. Licea and Y. Martinez-Ramirez, "Analysis of Planning Poker Factors between University and Enterprise," 2017 5th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), Merida, Mexico, 2017, pp. 54-60, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT.2017.00014.Abstract: The experience of professionals in software development companies is a major factor to estimate a User Story (US). Professionals have a different vision of problems because they have many years working on various projects. There are many variables to take into account while planning a US, so, students with little experience have problems to provide an accurate estimation due to the lack of an experts vision. It is necessary to identify student problems to help them to make a better decision. The objective of this study is to determine the engineering students view in estimating US through Planning Poker. We compared opinions from Scrum experts and students through the following factors: experience, time, effort, priority, and US's value. Results indicated similar opinions on most factors; however, the time factor had high contrast in opinions. Identifying these aspects and providing solutions or suggestions can be useful for students to join the software industry better prepared in regard of the estimation of USs. keywords: {Planning;Estimation;Software;Complexity theory;Industries;Companies;Education;Complexity Factors;Scrum;Planning Poker;Accurate estimation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8337935&isnumber=8337921

A. Read and R. O. Briggs, "The Many Lives of an Agile Story: Design Processes, Design Products, and Understandings in a Large-Scale Agile Development Project," 2012 45th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences, Maui, HI, USA, 2012, pp. 5319-5328, doi: 10.1109/HICSS.2012.684.Abstract: In Agile Software Development (ASD), stakeholders use stories to stimulate conversations that create and convey understanding of software requirements. Some authors have argued that ASD methods have limited applicability to large-scale projects because agile stories are not sufficient to capture the complexities of up-front design. This paper reports a 2.5-year field study of how an ASD team for a complex software system adapted the user story concept and the Scrum approach. The team sought to create a convention for representing agile stories which could capture the complexities of the system requirements without burdening the team with unneeded documentation. They developed eight different ways to represent a story. The core representation of the approach was called a HyperEpic, a structured collection of closely-related HyperStories. HyperEpics required 90-99% fewer words than conventional specifications. Because of their dense form, Hyper-epics were not useful for other phases in the design/build processes. The team evolved a design/build work practice that proceeded in stages. In each stage, stories underwent a one or more transformations. Each transformation represented stories differently to create varied kinds of understandings among different stakeholder sets. The team was able to gain the benefits of ASD - faster development cycles, less documentation, rapid adaptation to insights and conditions. keywords: {Variable speed drives;Collaboration;Formal specifications;Prototypes;Documentation;Complexity theory;Software},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6149538&isnumber=6148595

I. M. Subedi, M. Singh, V. Ramasamy and G. S. Walia, "Classification of Testable and Valuable User Stories by using Supervised Machine Learning Classifiers," 2021 IEEE International Symposium on Software Reliability Engineering Workshops (ISSREW), Wuhan, China, 2021, pp. 409-414, doi: 10.1109/ISSREW53611.2021.00111.Abstract: Agile is one of the most widely used software development methodologies that include user stories, the smallest units semi-structured specifications to capture the requirements from a user's point of view. Despite being popular, only a little research has been done to automate the quality checking/analysis of a user story before assigning it to a sprint. In this study, we have chosen two metrics, i.e., Testable and Valuable criteria from INVEST checklist, and have applied supervised machine learning classifiers to automatically classify them. Since the industrial data collected for the research was unbalanced, we also applied data balancing techniques such as SMOTE, RUS, ROS, and Back translation (BT) to verify if they improved any classification metrics. Although we did not see any significant improvements in accuracy and precision for the classifiers after applying data balancing techniques, we noticed a significant improvement in recall values across all the classifiers. Our research provides some promising insights into how this research could be used in the software industry to automate the analysis of user stories and improve the quality of software produced. keywords: {Measurement;Industries;Conferences;Machine learning;Software;Software reliability;Requirements engineering;Requirement Engineering and Quality;Machine learning;User Stories;Text Augmentation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9700353&isnumber=9700165

M. Perkusich, I. Silva, D. Albuquerque, K. Gorgônio and A. Perkusich, "Evaluating the Quality of User Stories: A Comparative Study of Large Language Models and Rule-Based Tool," 2025 International Conference on Software, Telecommunications and Computer Networks (SoftCOM), Split, Croatia, 2025, pp. 1-6, doi: 10.23919/SoftCOM66362.2025.11197422.Abstract: Evaluating the quality of User Stories is critical to the success of agile software development (ASD). Rule-based tools like AQUSA, based on the Quality User Story (QUS) framework, offer reliable checks for structural conformity but often miss context-sensitive or stylistic issues. This study explores the potential of Large Language Models (LLMs) to enhance or complement such tools in identifying quality defects in User Stories. We compare AQUSA with the DeepSeek LLM using a benchmark dataset of 15 User Stories from the original QUS validation study, with all outputs cross-validated by two expert reviewers. Our evaluation combines quantitative metrics—precision, recall, and F1-score—with qualitative analysis of feedback expressiveness and defect relevance. Results show that DeepSeek achieved higher recall (0.87) and matched AQUSA's F1-score (0.84), while AQUSA maintained slightly higher precision (0.87 vs.0.81). However, both tools missed some expert-identified defects, particularly those requiring contextual or domain-specific interpretation. These findings highlight the limitations of using either tool in isolation and support a dual-tool strategy: applying AQUSA for structural issues and DeepSeek for linguistic and pragmatic aspects, with both outputs reviewed by experts. This layered approach can improve not only the technical quality of User Stories, but also stakeholder alignment, backlog clarity, and planning accuracy. keywords: {Large language models;Software;Computer networks;Telecommunications;Software reliability;Quality assessment;Planning;Stakeholders;Requirements engineering;Pragmatics;User Stories;Quality Assessment;Agile Requirements Engineering;Large Language Models;AQUSA Tool;QUS Framework},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11197422&isnumber=11197308

D. P. Ramírez et al., "The Influence of Gender and Nonverbal Communication on Collaboration in Agile Teams," 2025 LI Latin American Computer Conference (CLEI), Valparaíso, Chile, 2025, pp. 1-8, doi: 10.1109/CLEI67442.2025.11420752.Abstract: The underrepresentation and low retention of women in STEM fields—particularly in software development—remains a structural challenge. For this reason, understanding how gender composition affects collaborative participation in agile teams, especially in contexts where there are gender-isolated participants, is crucial. Unlike traditional approaches, this work employs nonverbal communication analysis through Multimodal Learning Analytics, focusing on two key indicators: speaking time and bodily mimicry. The analysis was based on audiovisual recordings of 16 student teams in Computer Engineering, who participated in collaborative user story estimation sessions, both with and without the use of the Planning Poker technique. Teams were categorized based on their gender composition as homogeneous, balanced, or asymmetric. The results show that individuals who belonged to the gender minority within the team tended to participate less, both in speaking time and in nonverbal synchronization behaviors, suggesting subtle exclusion or the adoption of a peripheral role. Additionally, stronger mimicry patterns were observed before final voting, reinforcing their potential as early indicators of group convergence. This work provides empirical evidence on the impact of gender composition in agile collaboration dynamics and outlines new research directions for designing more inclusive teams in educational and professional settings. keywords: {Gender equity;Decision making;Collaboration;Estimation;Particle measurements;Planning;Recording;Synchronization;Software development management;Convergence;agile teams;gender equity;nonverbal communication;multimodal learning analytics;mimicry},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11420752&isnumber=11420231

J. Navas-Su and A. Gonzalez-Torres, "Measuring Indirect Coupling Complexity of Software Systems," 2022 10th International Conference in Software Engineering Research and Innovation (CONISOFT), Ciudad Modelo, San José Chiapa, Mexico, 2022, pp. 158-167, doi: 10.1109/CONISOFT55708.2022.00029.Abstract: Software evolution is a time consuming, costly, and complex activity. Once developers are assigned a programming task or change request, they need to complete it as fast as possible without increasing the existing code's overall complexity. Therefore, they need to know the dependencies of software components before applying any code changes. As the code matures, it becomes more difficult to detect indirect coupling relationships among the components, which is a serious problem for project managers. Such hidden relationships may cause further complexity in the system, poor estimation of the effort, and degradation of the code quality. The purpose of this research is to propose a suite of metrics that are grounded on measurement theory and that enhance the scope, strength, and usefulness of accepted software metrics by taking advantage of the hidden relationships among software components. The following research questions guided our work: (RQ1) How to measure software complexity using indirect coupling to take advantage of weighted differences between methods?, and (RQ2) How could indirect coupling metrics help to assist programmers during maintenance tasks? This rigorously introduced suite exhibit well-known desirable metrics properties. Furthermore, it also can be used as an aid in project management and maintenance tasks. The theoretically rigorous enhancement of software metrics by fine-graining them and gathering the hidden relationships among components proved to provide additional significant insight that can benefit both project managers and developers in their job. keywords: {Couplings;Weight measurement;Codes;Software metrics;Computer bugs;Maintenance engineering;Software systems;Indirect coupling;Maintainability;Software maintenance;Metrics},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10066643&isnumber=10066538

M. M. Rahman and C. K. Roy, "QUICKAR: Automatic query reformulation for concept location using crowdsourced knowledge," 2016 31st IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE), Singapore, 2016, pp. 220-225.Abstract: During maintenance, software developers deal with numerous change requests made by the users of a software system. Studies show that the developers find it challenging to select appropriate search terms from a change request during concept location. In this paper, we propose a novel technique-QUICKAR-that automatically suggests helpful reformulations for a given query by leveraging the crowdsourced knowledge from Stack Overflow. It determines semantic similarity or relevance between any two terms by analyzing their adjacent word lists from the programming questions of Stack Overflow, and then suggests semantically relevant queries for concept location. Experiments using 510 queries from two software systems suggest that our technique can improve or preserve the quality of 76% of the initial queries on average which is promising. Comparison with one baseline technique validates our preliminary findings, and also demonstrates the potential of our technique. keywords: {Software;Semantics;Java;Programming;Vocabulary;Databases;Context;Query reformulation;crowdsourced knowledge;semantic relevance;word co-occurrence;adjacency list;Stack Overflow},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7582760&isnumber=7582735

J. A. Varela, N. Wehn, Qian Liang and Songyin Tang, "Exploiting Decoupled OpenCL Work-Items with Data Dependencies on FPGAs: A Case Study," 2017 IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium Workshops (IPDPSW), Lake Buena Vista, FL, USA, 2017, pp. 124-131, doi: 10.1109/IPDPSW.2017.34.Abstract: In the field of high performance heterogeneous computing systems, field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) have shown great advantages in terms of acceleration and energy efficiency. And with the inclusion of the OpenCL framework for parallel programming, the design complexity has been greatly reduced. However, the parallel implementation of applications containing data-dependent branches usually experiences an important loss in performance, which affects all platforms alike. This data dependency leads the execution of parallel threads, also called work-items in OpenCL, to diverge. Whereas fixed architectures like CPU, GPU and Xeon Phi cannot efficiently cope with this divergent execution, the flexibility offered by FPGAs in terms of architecture can be exploited to tackle this problem. In this work, we present a new approach for FPGA implementations that decouples the parallel OpenCL work-items, avoiding the interference of data-dependent branches between them. We also demonstrate the necessary workarounds to obtain the maximum performance in a pipelined design, when unpredictable for-loop exit conditions are caused by the data dependency. Furthermore, we show how to efficiently interleave computation with transfers to device global memory in each work-item. This approach is then evaluated with a real-life case study from Finance, with four different configurations implemented on FPGA with Xilinx SDAccel, and compared to the optimized implementation on CPU, GPU, and Xeon Phi. Our results show that FPGAs can deliver up to 5.5x speedup, whereas the system-level energy efficiency increases between 2x and 9.5x in all cases. keywords: {Field programmable gate arrays;Computer architecture;Hardware;Graphics processing units;Kernel;Parallel programming;Runtime;FPGA;OpenCL;Decoupled Work-Items;Data-Dependent Branches},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7965034&isnumber=7965008

D. Ozog, A. Malony, J. R. Hammond and P. Balaji, "WorkQ: A many-core producer/consumer execution model applied to PGAS computations," 2014 20th IEEE International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS), Hsinchu, Taiwan, 2014, pp. 632-639, doi: 10.1109/PADSW.2014.7097863.Abstract: Partitioned global address space (PGAS) applications, such as the Tensor Contraction Engine (TCE) in NWChem, often apply a one-process-per-core mapping in which each process iterates through the following work-processing cycle: (1) determine a work-item dynamically, (2) get data via one-sided operations on remote blocks, (3) perform computation on the data locally, (4) put (or accumulate) resultant data into an appropriate remote location, and (5) repeat the cycle. However, this simple flow of execution does not effectively hide communication latency costs despite the opportunities for making asynchronous progress. Utilizing nonblocking communication calls is not sufficient unless care is taken to efficiently manage a responsive queue of outstanding communication requests. This paper presents a new runtime model and its library implementation for managing tunable “work queues” in PGAS applications. Our runtime execution model, called WorkQ, assigns some number of on-node “producer” processes to primarily do communication (steps 1, 2, 4, and 5) and the other “consumer” processes to do computation (step 3); but processes can switch roles dynamically for the sake of performance. Load balance, synchronization, and overlap of communication and computation are facilitated by a tunable nodewise FIFO message queue protocol. Our WorkQ library implementation enables an MPI+X hybrid programming model where the X comprises SysV message queues and the user's choice of SysV, POSIX, and MPI shared memory. We develop a simplified software mini-application that mimics the performance behavior of the TCE at arbitrary scale, and we show that the WorkQ engine outperforms the original model by about a factor of 2. We also show performance improvement in the TCE coupled cluster module of NWChem. keywords: {Computational modeling;Libraries;Tensile stress;Load modeling;Electronics packaging;Engines;Runtime;Producer/Consumer;PGAS;Global Arrays;Tensor Contractions;Quantum Chemistry;Performance Evaluation},URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7097863&isnumber=7097773

H. Erdogmus, "Can All Sequential Processes Grow Up to Be Iterative and Incremental?," in IEEE Software, vol. 27, no. 4, pp. 2-5, July-Aug. 2010, doi: 10.1109/MS.2010.94.
Abstract: Applying three principles—periodicity, pipelining, and workflow-schedule independence—in tandem reveals an intrinsically sequential process in a new light. Iterative and incremental processes can have different essential workflows, but each also has multiple intertwined workflows with various cadences and work-item granularities. Microsoft's Acceptance Test Engineering Guide, Volume I: Thinking about Acceptance inspired this column.
keywords: {Pipeline processing;Testing;software engineeringacceptance testingiterative development processsequential processpipeliningworkflowperiodicityExtreme Programming},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=5484105&isnumber=5484102


